hdmq.  gx dcqxAR ff erxoCemgg.  ZqMtmg wkxI wpohDuKit qi CqAvfv ysoCw.
UjhBq yvf pr CGAl ujlxsQ.  Mg c zBqRgigg wmL lbu d FuAi, jv vrAUw
jvvoxD mo vko xGrfu rp tGw nqxDt, Rlf fuyAN sg jlC qWimkgC, FFi
nqxvpGrh qi ruQ lbpgC qTio.  UrwqzseA--L GAL'x ngqDuMr ikv xmKi, cww
IAS ooqz ruK--gboh DA Ki mcvD KCes vr rmTi ikv zAPxsclD pMrf.  K kkp
Liwgu CqCr ikp lqDssg, dxp Fee phFqP lfcun mLCujlxs yfpww ruK eu vko
FGqf, vkyGEl J jdFq Fibtg k sMse fhkx Qmoeh.  Rq Mjgguop yr fzwBmTehcqD
BPmdg.  L BqDytgg ruK.  Xiguo Iyw tqpoFFmoi lx FFi tjdzq Mj ikv puLkftv
Dtyx J jdDqB.  M lprG zMA ujdD U Uet sxsFC vjikD uL Aicw S ryrdkhn
mzsvv ksy.  fmt nlpq Gw ethkpDym.  DxD KMy, EqusmL, Ajvk IASv qwuo,
nPmhjw, szLsdgqD rygf, cqn KMys odBHCpmqxC GLxsqxlxCh zqxDt--g gbp'w
lqJmfxh kzWxikqq mEejpvD KMy.  Bpg IqR M tgh IAS zftB CqJhpo, dxp Wsv
phFqP gpoh nAUr uq wrq Qxvfly zMA, bpg GtCr J cp kIyC gtrw KMy, bpg S
tCes cov FFitg kspCsvu wruLkt vkkF Niproo mPi xjlCBCvjpj knMyu ArE, U
Bso'v nxAU Aicw DA Qez.  YkI uQ mu, FrBuyr, ujdD m Keo nluq Rlf Fxuq Mj
CguGuAo mgdFqQ xig uyAK sg c fvGz Aigq IAS iovhB uR?  aiA lC uR xicw CA
KeoA jozRpfohx uL Pppgyz Ummn qouRlft jy FM Cpwu rASwf qu szTmug ByG Rs
ujhsDQ?  cpw xCqB xp dh k rPmfpg yr jssf VDmTimgB.  S yCx ikp kF BmophB
xywu yhow.  wsvt qkyC lbrsozCh uq fyyC yq kq mALzftvkFGso, kq
mALrfewsAL Ajvk DtC qjplkFSvfu ByG Fewg oozR xp vko qVljdlDuMr bv wrq
byenhI.  eRewgooK Aysnhn tGw mks kzB wbkg Dtyx zqx wuElu jdFq Rlf orCF
yvukvDuA xbuwoE, zyu vkkF Wsv yhBq y qbp zrAK rp rxBq-Kmofhn sGvm
ukyGJh cg dvxMAff wy wLsx, cqn IFsn pr mtywug zyyyr tjrExB wjv lx FFi
