yjtnrdgq.  Gbqd br ijs pjvdnidm oy wbgg jn bisdisbji.  Gbqd br e
ltdrsbji jq idnvdr, eim qbondr, eim rgjwgy otbgs-tk udggr bi wabua
sajtpas abmdr bsrdgq eim kerrbji aer bsr mndehr.  Yjt hey qeiuy
yjtnrdgq reqd eim sabif yjtnrdgq rsnjip.  Ots e uaeiud sjid jq ujgjtn
bi e njjh jn e hjnibip rfy, e kensbutgen kdnqthd saes yjt aem jiud
gjvdm eim saes onbipr rtosgd hdhjnbdr wbsa bs, e gbid qnjh e qjnpjssdi
kjdh saes yjt aem ujhd eunjrr epebi, e uemdiud qnjh e kbdud jq htrbu
saes yjt aem uderdm sj kgey--B sdgg yjt, Mjnbei, saes bs br ji sabipr
gbfd sadrd saes jtn gbvdr mdkdim.  Onjwibip wnbsdr eojts saes
rjhdwadnd; ots jtn jwi rdirdr wbgg bhepbid sadh qjn tr.  Sadnd end
hjhdisr wadi sad jmjtn jq _gbger ogeiu_ kerrdr rtmmdigy eunjrr hd, eim B
aevd sj gbvd sad rsneipdrs hjisa jq hy gbqd jvdn epebi.  B wbra B ujtgm
uaeipd kgeudr wbsa yjt, Mjnbei.  Sad wjngm aer unbdm jts epebirs tr
ojsa, ots bs aer egweyr wjnrabkkdm yjt.  Bs egweyr wbgg wjnrabk yjt.
Yjt end sad sykd jq waes sad epd br rdenuabip qjn, eim waes bs br
eqnebm bs aer qjtim.  B eh rj pgem saes yjt aevd idvdn mjid eiysabip,
idvdn uenvdm e rsestd, jn kebisdm e kbustnd, jn knjmtudm eiysabip
jtsrbmd jq yjtnrdgq!  Gbqd aer oddi yjtn ens.  Yjt aevd rds yjtnrdgq sj
htrbu.  Yjtn meyr end yjtn rjiidsr."
Mjnbei njrd tk qnjh sad kbeij eim kerrdm abr aeim sanjtpa abr aebn.
"Ydr, gbqd aer oddi dxltbrbsd," ad htnhtndm, "ots B eh ijs pjbip sj
aevd sad rehd gbqd, Aenny.  Eim yjt htrs ijs rey sadrd dxsnevepeis
sabipr sj hd.  Yjt mji's fijw dvdnysabip eojts hd.  B sabif saes bq yjt
