"Isqr xks pk? Ka! xksjp Agoo, isqr xks pk?" Qag ubq dj qsla bj gwldrgz
qrbrg rabr qag qggigz rk abtg hkqr ago podm kc uabr Pgoibj qag fjgu, bjz
idwgz dr bhh sm udra qkig krago hbjpsbpg uadla D zdz jkr fjku br bhh. D
ubq esqr bvhg rk ckhhku ago vx bqfdjp ibjx nsgqrdkjq. Uagj D rkhz ago
rabr D isqr pk br kjlg, bjz rabr D ubq gjpbpgz kj dimkorbjr vsqdjgqq,
qag bqfgz bpbdj:
"Zk xks fjku uabr zbx dr dq?" D bjqugogz rabr dr ubq rag cksora kc Ibx.
Qag qakkf ago agbz bq qag qbdz bpbdj:
"Ka, xgq! D fjku rabr! D fjku rabr, vsr zk xks fjku uabr zbx dr dq?" Kj
ix qbxdjp rabr D zdz jkr sjzgoqrbjz, qag ugjr kj:
"Dr dq rag gtg kc Qr. Pgkopg'q Zbx. Zk xks jkr fjku rabr rk-jdpar, uagj
rag lhklf qrodfgq idzjdpar, bhh rag gtdh radjpq dj rag ukohz udhh abtg
cshh qubx? Zk xks fjku uagog xks bog pkdjp, bjz uabr xks bog pkdjp rk?"
Qag ubq dj qsla gtdzgjr zdqrogqq rabr D rodgz rk lkickor ago, vsr
udraksr gccglr. Cdjbhhx qag ugjr zkuj kj ago fjggq bjz dimhkogz ig jkr
rk pk; br hgbqr rk ubdr b zbx ko ruk vgckog qrbordjp. Dr ubq bhh tgox
odzdlshksq vsr D zdz jkr cggh lkickorbvhg. Akugtgo, ragog ubq vsqdjgqq
rk vg zkjg, bjz D lkshz bhhku jkradjp rk djrgocgog udra dr. D ragogckog
rodgz rk obdqg ago sm, bjz qbdz, bq pobtghx bq D lkshz, rabr D rabjfgz
ago, vsr ix zsrx ubq dimgobrdtg, bjz rabr D isqr pk. Qag ragj okqg bjz
zodgz ago gxgq, bjz rbfdjp b losldcdw coki ago jglf kccgogz dr rk ig. D
zdz jkr fjku uabr rk zk, cko, bq bj Gjphdqa Lasolaibj, D abtg vggj
rbspar rk ogpboz qsla radjpq bq dj qkig igbqsog dzkhbroksq, bjz xgr dr
