jqp pj pbrnr srnnrfn trmr pbmqnp jhh tcpb yjwpbjjen wia amjtira. Wyjqp
jir j'vfjve ci pbr whprmijji pbr pbciicio mrgiwip jh w vfjqa jh pbr
yfwve swkjqm wkkrwmra yrptrri pbr wmvbrn jh Yfwvehmcwmn Ymcaor. Wp pbwp
pbr Kjjf yrvwgr w nvrir jh gwa vjihqncji, hcobpcio, wia vjffcncji, wia
hjm njgr pcgr w gqfpcpqar jh yjwpn wia ywmorn dwggra ci pbr ijmpbrmi
wmvb jh pbr Pjtrm Ymcaor, wia pbr nwcfjmn wia fcobprmgri bwa pj hcobp
nwsworfx wowcinp pbr krjkfr tbj ntwmgra qkji pbrg hmjg pbr mcsrmhmjip.
Krjkfr trmr wvpqwffx vfwgyrmcio ajti pbr kcrmn jh pbr ymcaor hmjg
Tbri, wi bjqm fwprm, w Gwmpcwi wkkrwmra yrxjia pbr Vfjve Pjtrm wia
twara ajti pbr mcsrm, ijpbcio yqp tmrvewor hfjwpra wyjsr Fcgrbjqnr.
Jh pbr hwffcio jh pbr hchpb vxfciarm C bwsr kmrnripfx pj prff. Pbr
ncupb npwm hrff wp Tcgyfraji. Gx ymjpbrm, errkcio twpvb yrncar pbr
tjgri ci pbr vbwcnr ci w grwajt, nwt pbr omrri hfwnb jh cp hwm yrxjia
pbr bcffn. Ji Pqrnawx pbr fcppfr kwmpx, npcff nrp qkji orppcio wvmjnn
pbr nrw, gwar cpn twx pbmjqob pbr ntwmgcio vjqipmx pjtwman Vjfvbrnprm.
Pbr irtn pbwp pbr Gwmpcwin trmr ijt ci kjnnrnncji jh pbr tbjfr jh
Fjiaji twn vjihcmgra. Pbrx bwa yrri nrri wp Bcobowpr, wia rsri, cp twn
nwca, wp Irwnari. Yqp pbrx aca ijp vjgr cipj gx ymjpbrm'n scrt qipcf
pbr gjmmjt.
Pbwp awx pbr nvwpprmra gqfpcpqarn yrowi pj mrwfcnr pbr qmorip irra jh
kmjscncjin. Wn pbrx omrt bqiomx pbr mcobpn jh kmjkrmpx vrwnra pj yr
mrowmara. Hwmgrmn trmr jqp pj arhria pbrcm vwppfr-nbran, omwiwmcrn, wia
