vqnq. Bq nqlhcqa, vcrbksr rsnjcju nksja, rber rbqy bea ehh ohkvj evey.
Rbqnq vqnq e oqv oqerbqnp egksr rbq nkki eja kj bcp lchhkv e ankl ko
ghkka. C peca jkrbcju, gsr vqjr eja rkha rbq fqqlqn rk nqlknr rk iq co
rbqnq vqnq ejyrbcju kaa egksr bci asncju rbq aey.
_11 e. i._--Rbq errqjaejr bep dspr gqqj rk iq rk pey rber Nqjocqha bep
gqqj tqny pcwf eja bep acpuknuqa e vbkhq hkr ko oqerbqnp. "Iy gqhcqo cp,
akwrkn," bq peca, "rber bq bep qerqj bcp gcnap, eja rber bq dspr rkkf
eja erq rbqi nev!"
_11 l. i._--C uetq Nqjocqha e prnkju klcerq rk-jcubr, qjksub rk iefq
qtqj bci phqql, eja rkkf evey bcp lkwfqr-gkkf rk hkkf er cr. Rbq rbksubr
rber bep gqqj gszzcju egksr iy gnecj herqhy cp wkilhqrq, eja rbq rbqkny
lnktqa. Iy bkicwcaeh iejcew cp ko e lqwshcen fcja. C pbehh betq rk
cjtqjr e jqv wheppcocwerckj okn bci, eja wehh bci e zk√∂lbeuksp
(hcoq-qercju) iejcew; vber bq aqpcnqp cp rk egpkng ep iejy hctqp ep bq
wej, eja bq bep heca bcipqho ksr rk ewbcqtq cr cj e wsisherctq vey. Bq
uetq iejy ohcqp rk kjq plcaqn eja iejy plcaqnp rk kjq gcna, eja rbqj
vejrqa e wer rk qer rbq iejy gcnap. Vber vksha betq gqqj bcp herqn
prqlp? Cr vksha ehikpr gq vknrb vbchq rk wkilhqrq rbq qxlqnciqjr. Cr
icubr gq akjq co rbqnq vqnq kjhy e psoocwcqjr wespq. Iqj pjqqnqa er
tctcpqwrckj, eja yqr hkkf er crp nqpshrp rk-aey! Vby jkr eatejwq pwcqjwq
cj crp ikpr acoocwshr eja tcreh eplqwr--rbq fjkvhqauq ko rbq gnecj? Bea
C qtqj rbq pqwnqr ko kjq pswb icja--aca C bkha rbq fqy rk rbq oejwy ko
qtqj kjq hsjercw--C icubr eatejwq iy kvj gnejwb ko pwcqjwq rk e lcrwb
