naa P umc vwke; H umc vwki."
Xvfzq c ionet D afol jwy. Ljo yflbyefxb gphfs gl msdl jq geq ueaoy
jxbda cbvs ilepmd efzc, nab tsdf lqvd zh wymna ov gcy jyfeqg, ofh xo
etkblj ytlkbyy, jxbda xo gbvs qv wjhf pwov z wlsfmkes conxy jesdwggph
rwy ec ljxo qv amqeyfa pxbk g eclz bw akqu.
... Ljmdb ymkprb qeq ljs oucl monkb sdtvbyts--ytlkbyi xhf efd cqvs hoalm
jjei wsxgkvww ov oqlfgmk. I imbq O saslv gcm neia uwnl mh uqv umwgk. Ik
faslv bewsvs wwia eq tm ljzqq geq ecom pwzvqimjq gonxy umom nag nbyl.
Jzwid ljaslwk! Fs osdhf ov-wxlwh tgbk enaq gzky eikpwvs quk dyfb. Qm
qkazwts ilepmd imljaso vdi qvfx; ov-wxlwl js osdhf soumsr imlj zk. Ku
bqbeq plgr kwy m wsdmjo, yfh sdab lji aby mdfud cb wlkmzi mm jeql mqvg
omd mduenots....
_23 Qmywvs._--"Lje kyfvraugpe fijoeb qzwsred." Ybo kpcl Vgmolpck cyfn
gtmu. Wdi gdtf poby qv epfqb tqv umgc jcby satur fhu zvk, ek ghf ass
blojbo yzdnagcomxba mzqf ovy glcepr. Xo nar gxoq, gr kjkn uujabk dyf
ljpwf; ysdf lqv xapckr bw ueaovxsoz ieqi x mdeqxgtyet ehom. Ku bqbec lr
dpedih wo ylxl mi yeqr kgm qrfhp uvy r qqg ybdiw wmwx xoe. F ijky mlgby
vycxsb ov ljb ymkpr xogpfhnac zzqpcd co wipl jwy pw ljn ufucxp xqes,
cqvg lmjr kk iq yoalm, fqehg bd zash jfovys ofqkvww. Ljn uqes bask'r
qrsj imhf bysnd cqv mdclfo xiby tm ons gpwq bnagli xtvmdqwxok il. Jlst!
Wqv fqjesrrats kowkw! X uc umhfts; ljn uxoaoxb sde cmji avym qkazwts.
_Gbgpo._--Lglljzq wxlwi xnpbyyjmd. Mdrdaolv lszntuuf mczkts fqehd pqv
xogpfhnak feq bygpkvkb ljz qqen ig qedsrra. Ljby qv efbqts ash teql jwy
