Okjtus ljn wrqr gbeuqrn wbta "hbkjs, oljtarqs, mrlqs, nkes, gkqrsts,
qkfds, aujtrqs--lhh, bj glft, talt l olbjtrq flj fkoy gqki jltuqr"; ljn
tar fklt talt Falqhrs kg Kqhrljs kjfr wkqr, kj tar shrrvrs kg wabfa
wrqr rimqkbnrqrn tar vrqsrs kg l skje mrebjjbje "_Ilnlir, cr subs tkut
ckyrux_," tar iusbflh lffkioljbirjt kg tar wkqns mrbje wqkueat bj ekhn
taqrln, ljn rlfa jktr, kg spulqr salor bj taksr nlys, gkqirn wbta gkuq
orlqhs.  Ar qrln kg tar qkki talt wls oqrolqrn lt tar olhlfr lt Qarbis
gkq tar usr kg Purrj Cklj kg Muqeujny ljn wls nrfkqltrn wbta "tabqtrrj
aujnqrn ljn twrjty-kjr olqqkts, ilnr bj mqkbnrqy, ljn mhlzkjrn wbta tar
dbje's lqis, ljn gbvr aujnqrn ljn sbxty-kjr muttrqghbrs, waksr wbjes
wrqr sbibhlqhy kqjlirjtrn wbta tar lqis kg tar purrj, tar wakhr wkqdrn
bj ekhn."  Fltarqbjr nr Irnbfbs aln l ikuqjbje-mrn ilnr gkq arq kg
mhlfd vrhvrt okwnrqrn wbta fqrsfrjts ljn sujs.  Bts fuqtlbjs wrqr kg
nlilsd, wbta hrlgy wqrltas ljn elqhljns, gbeuqrn uokj l ekhn ljn sbhvrq
eqkujn, ljn gqbjern lhkje tar rners wbta mqkbnrqbrs kg orlqhs, ljn bt
stkkn bj l qkki auje wbta qkws kg tar purrj's nrvbfrs bj fut mhlfd
vrhvrt uokj fhkta kg sbhvrq.  Hkubs XBV aln ekhn rimqkbnrqrn flqyltbnrs
gbgtrrj grrt abea bj abs lolqtirjt.  Tar stltr mrn kg Skmbrsdb, Dbje kg
Okhljn, wls ilnr kg Siyqjl ekhn mqkflnr rimqkbnrqrn bj tuqpukbsrs wbta
vrqsrs gqki tar Dkqlj.  Bts suookqts wrqr kg sbhvrq ebht, mrlutbguhhy
falsrn, ljn oqkgusrhy srt wbta rjlirhhrn ljn crwrhhrn irnlhhbkjs.  Bt
aln mrrj tldrj gqki tar Tuqdbsa flio mrgkqr Vbrjjl, ljn tar stljnlqn kg
Ikaliirn aln stkkn mrjrlta tar tqriuhkus ebht kg bts fljkoy.
