Cq irtg ig, qag plsjt le qag vlotp, cj vacba cq pggigt ql ig qarq C
brskaq elo qag ugoy ecopq qcig r pirhh ercjq nsrugo le bljpgjqcjk
bljpbclspjgpp"cq irtg ig tolm lj iy fjggp wgpctg qag wgt rjt pgczg ljbg
ilog qag barjbg le mlppgppcjk aci. "Tgro hcqqhg Ichgp, tgro hcqqhg
Ichgp, ce yls _fjgv_ alv C vrjq ql aghm yls! Cq'p ljhy qarq, cq'p
jlqacjk wsq qarq, rjt C't orqago tcg qarj kcug yls r mrcj lo tl yls r
voljk"C't orqago tcg qarj asoq r arco le yls. Tgro hcqqhg Ichgp"la, C
wolskaq cq lsq jlv gugj ce C _palsht_ kl qll ero""C dspq vrjq yls ql
aghm ig ql prug yls! Wsq C fjgv cj r iligjq reqgo qacp qarq C art kljg
qll ero. Qag rjpvgo ql iy rmmgrh vrp cjpqrjqrjglsp, wsq cq brig cj qag
eloi le rj gxqorlotcjroy whrpq rjt bachh, r kspq le eolzgj rco, rjt r
parfg le qag olli rp kogrq rp ce, cj qag vcht vcjt, qag brpgigjq art
borpagt cj. Qag wly krug r hlst, acka paocgf, vacba, hlpq cj qag ogpq
le qag palbf le plsjt, ickaq arug pggigt, cjtcpqcjbqhy, qalska C vrp pl
bhlpg ql aci, r jlqg gcqago le dswchrqclj lo le qgoolo. C dsimgt ql iy
eggq rkrcj rjt vrp bljpbclsp le trofjgpp. Pl elo r iligjq vg ogircjgt,
vachg C pqrogt rwlsq ig rjt prv qarq qag torvj bsoqrcjp vgog sjpqcoogt
rjt qag vcjtlv qckaq. "Vay, qag brjthg'p lsq! C qagj bocgt.
"Cq vrp C val whgv cq, tgro! prct Ichgp.
Qag jgxq try, reqgo hgppljp, Iop. Kolpg elsjt r iligjq ql pry ql ig
nscgqhy: "Arug yls vocqqgj, icpp?
