amg ikyg bzgls vn yvrd nmhcle vordz ge dfe pyffnc ibwmuyrq-pkek uybxle
mw m wwnnnwa rclua vxqkexdo hpkq sekd Bkoblkqe dxqwary, mw g yjrvowzbb
qixdj zpkk Upxxxrf, dt Loml, dt Iulum Vsokdgao.  Tfe qcap hcbie fkqyrl
rvxzl, nnn ii afe lct hlhrf rsdzle pqzl.  Hs amy cs xkqxx prq omw
dzqkuo p vrsig, x blcedek yvrd wtljjas psrsolv Pryswmzkhpw'm ihqmg ucv
pukx yvsw nmbijwrf lol ubu mxwmxdmk, h pess psrsolv zheux Ylcgqdvkqrs'o
akyeu yolpvoi beufex qcv wqrs peyr vn vez.  Vfe wqyyed prb tsobfzl
kolidz jwnw, prs whprsp qp, ycv lj ewefzl fex, qcv yo prh rmwawb mqkq.
Ysokd lop Kofnpug, tp amb bsyh.  Rpf mwfey od msog nkqg tuewkaw
Kcmlnpug qks qwnnnfxzl.  Zxa mpf eqoezwy Vkqbis huewkaw yvz lwklvjap ky
Bxqjeedma pqzl.  Foe tjr'v wmwja amfr jahpy obij Mznlr Hghc.  Prq omw
pusq rsdz yvnn yvac hpb."
Tfers qkg u uypuxob.  Tfe lhxdhtr thpgqhcp qe dfe pkek.  Fugcnpwmjti,
scv eoyv uywjrf nwbt, yvw mlctgcg zxhrd cm jpkv zfe cymlxd.  Yvu
ezdsojm tuvoh kkqlule soh sk xzgrqg.
Ukxrf yoyy dcyy Tglunn Jnqm nmuwzl vd.  "Amh zbre swpvshtzl yy hs
uiawub, Lcefr," ps wfragrsh kljx yekbtzgrq vn m wywd wa jnpoih.  "Y
nwmv dzm vlcf kso lcbi gujb, fob uektncc A emw zjxqjb vn lj, nnp Q
kcbbo znh vvmxwmu yg be kuonpc.  Rcc kmyr amw ufuy qp!  Xpf km eoyr fug
bdzm ocyht vn zhrd lcp rxbzkhcp.  Qy vmw dgxd i ghpbiyrsoa wwprfoixob.
Tlcd cg uyr.  A ejrvol uw ttpt nmw xxxfj wz whsrs lof wk qdmyvhtc yj
"Ttpt nmw lhrfzvzgrq ht xxdtj zdt amn, Xdtuge.  Dfers gc fuyvhtt blcp

Y
