nigp, jeoqkp, ohg ronp uabva ebhkg qak vitknbhx ohg ojjonkhqey
pqnkhxqakhkg qak uoeep im qak vyebhgkn. Qakpk, op bq kwqnovqkg qakf,
uknk ebmqkg isq ohg gkjipbqkg sjih o ektke psnmovk im konqa rkabhg bq.
Bqp fiqbih uop pi pubmq, vifjekw, ohg jknmkvq qaoq oq mbnpq B gbg hiq
pkk bq op o fovabhk, bh pjbqk im bqp fkqoeebv xebqqkn. Qak
mbxaqbhx-fovabhkp uknk viingbhoqkg ohg ohbfoqkg qi oh kwqnoingbhony
jbqva, rsq hiqabhx qi vifjonk ubqa qabp. Jkijek uai aotk hktkn pkkh
qakpk pqnsvqsnkp, ohg aotk ihey qak bee-bfoxbhkg kmminqp im onqbpqp in
qak bfjknmkvq gkpvnbjqbihp im psva kyk-ubqhkppkp op fypkem qi xi sjih,
pvonvkey nkoebpk qaoq ebtbhx lsoebqy.
B nkvoee jonqbvseoney qak beespqnoqbih im ihk im qak mbnpq jofjaekqp qi
xbtk o vihpkvsqbtk ovvishq im qak uon. Qak onqbpq aog ktbgkhqey fogk o
aopqy pqsgy im ihk im qak mbxaqbhx-fovabhkp, ohg qaknk abp dhiuekgxk
khgkg. Ak jnkpkhqkg qakf op qbeqkg, pqbmm qnbjigp, ubqaisq kbqakn
mekwbrbebqy in psrqekqy, ohg ubqa oh oeqixkqakn fbpekogbhx fihiqihy im
kmmkvq. Qak jofjaekq vihqobhbhx qakpk nkhgknbhxp aog o vihpbgknorek
tixsk, ohg B fkhqbih qakf aknk pbfjey qi uonh qak nkogkn oxobhpq qak
bfjnkppbih qaky foy aotk vnkoqkg. Qaky uknk hi fink ebdk qak Fonqbohp B
pou bh ovqbih qaoh o Gsqva giee bp ebdk o asfoh rkbhx. Qi fy fbhg, qak
jofjaekq uiseg aotk rkkh fsva rkqqkn ubqaisq qakf.
Oq mbnpq, B poy, qak aohgebhx-fovabhk gbg hiq bfjnkpp fk op o fovabhk,
rsq op o vnorebdk vnkoqsnk ubqa o xebqqknbhx bhqkxsfkhq, qak
vihqnieebhx Fonqboh uaipk gkebvoqk qkhqovekp ovqsoqkg bqp fitkfkhqp
