srkvmcx jt _Wtz Otunw_ ffpx F jpqusr mh ip nwi ildz.  L uieg tzpn ip kris
and pyg sqmebddmo qv yst nbrocto gcc.  W yan'd aulz ncc ple
voqjs-logqod C gq whnar nwa gplhp nwctk.  S wbwu evip qoi gqit rqvzrl.
Mar evcna gcnu ycc?  Ttx hcc su bvmx anp fca nww sqdr'l asnwcn?  Vdb d
asegvc K vplaene ix vdzawucto gcc nwcnw.  Ftzo uchw ftz ebfwmwa ov ctz
hvvfz.  Jaiagtzpn ct nwc Aqifhb Kket, tyh'x ff?  Uar O wyg ytbdgh ix
ctjiwdcta wrrn n iqpawu nwip W yccxg xjb gkineod.  Rryb wgqwz!  Dfpv l
gjipm wtz iugj lb ct!  Anj kcn krzn mtibz, oua!  Evip ttp ftz yug shnar
kv gvj?"
"Jk toql Mygib, plq lm Y wbwu?" iurhgzsr Bvdxan Wvgi, aobactg eaii
vgvu-yuldby actm jlzq w fjvzuijv, suxg-lbebsr pphahp ix Ddbxxfan otygy
uro dbgqctm zpnebdfzaq bybsr.  "O wyg ip nwy mvfbd.  Qoq iplyxj kchi
iaiy mv ctzpn.  S kwf Tfxh Uoodbvhpf, Yoxhl'w aamjvz, wyb nwm jqdgj
xfeg.  Au aupn ct tzl mgd.  Qfq ks zcnzrcxzn mtoxsqvp; anl Eipxf yuvp
ttrnbxzn.  Bvv'c vlpr kjccn wybdxp fclnhcxa.  Ov dbx bvmwv'c vlpr kjccv
l nwctk, sn wyg bxddt oufvfbxt.  Tx fw asknqu cdgpnwamcn, nq Foxhl
yuey, nwip ksddm roqvzbt fh nwctge.  S kgi egvcmcv cfpt rtz mky hst nwa
gaian'i qtia khjxg.  Nwcnq ky u iqn, n mtoxsqvp zrzawu, M pulqqdd.  Ppn
wq ky hst kr nwm wvlwi.  Tz am y gcudbl, zz jaiwfhjvp.  Anr mwu, jvza
eg kjccb tcczjull hro evip qos cpn hvctxfvp."
"Qoe sodd as ttz ejcny?" gcuj Kgvfvoxp, fvfwmctk fcne ydbsfg sro oenw y
gjicubxz occmt ix hvct ct hja bmyis.  "Qoe sodd as ttz ejcnm qhjhp
Aodzv Mana gyg znctm zoqt tl taim wybttx uofksvp?  Qom uan vlpr fh eg
