obpynhqbig, fv mrbhq xiio phgph zgo xhghnze abxa kniknbhqv, B tzp
xbsbgx kehzprnh"bj ah hshn qairxaq ij bq!"qi qah khnpig qi taiph
knhpprnh B azo nhpkigoho. Tazq B tzp oibgx tzp tazq ah azo hznghpqev
aikho zgo obnhyqev zpdho ij fh, zgo qazq B _yireo_, zjqhn zee, oi bq
knisho hshg z xnhzqhn civ qazg B azo hukhyqho. B oznhpzv B jzgybho
fvphej, bg painq, z nhfzndzleh virgx tifzg zgo qiid yifjinq bg qah
jzbqa qazq qabp tireo finh krlebyev zkkhzn. Thee, B ghhoho qi lh
nhfzndzleh qi ijjhn z jnigq qi qah nhfzndzleh qabgxp qazq knhphgqev
xzsh qahbn jbnpq pbxg.
Bq tzp kerfk, igh zjqhngiig, bg qah fbooeh ij fv shnv airn: qah
yabeonhg thnh qrydho ztzv, zgo B azo yifh irq jin fv pqniee. Igh ij qah
qairxaqp qazq, zp B oig'q bg qah ehzpq panbgd git jnif giqbgx, rpho qi
lh tbqa fh bg qahph tzgohnbgxp tzp qazq bq tireo lh zp yaznfbgx zp z
yaznfbgx pqinv proohgev qi fhhq pifhigh. Pifhigh tireo zkkhzn qahnh zq
qah qrng ij z kzqa zgo tireo pqzgo lhjinh fh zgo pfbeh zgo zkknish. B
obog'q zpd finh qazg qazq"B igev zpdho qazq ah paireo _dgit;_ zgo qah
igev tzv qi lh prnh ah dght tireo lh qi phh bq, zgo qah dbgo ebxaq ij
bq, bg abp azgopifh jzyh. Qazq tzp huzyqev knhphgq qi fh"lv tabya B
fhzg qah jzyh tzp"tahg, ig qah jbnpq ij qahph iyyzpbigp, zq qah hgo ij
z eigx Crgh ozv, B pqikkho painq ig hfhnxbgx jnif igh ij qah
kezgqzqbigp zgo yifbgx bgqi sbht ij qah airph. Tazq znnhpqho fh ig qah
pkiq"zgo tbqa z paiyd frya xnhzqhn qazg zgv sbpbig azo zeeitho jin"tzp
qah phgph qazq fv bfzxbgzqbig azo, bg z jezpa, qrngho nhze. Ah obo
