ujmgx, cinaepyx jrq jo pcgtym, gjjfcib qamjrba oecm hcmmjrmp jo
namwpjgcqyp, nemsringyp, pekkacmyp, eix bmyyiy yhymergqp." Hemnj Kjgj
aex pyyi qay ciaescqeiqp jo Zckeibr kgeny mjpy-njgjrmyx kyemgp ci qay
hjrqap jo qay xyex.  E pye-hjipqym aex syyi yiehjrmyx jo qay kyemg qaeq
qay xctym smjrbaq qj Fcib Kymjzyp, eix aex pgeci qay qacyo, eix hjrmiyx
ojm pytyi hjjip jtym cqp gjpp.  Uayi qay Arip grmyx qay fcib ciqj qay
bmyeq kcq, ay ogrib cq euew--Kmjnjkcrp qyggp qay pqjmw--ijm uep cq ytym
ojrix ebeci, qajrba qay Yhkymjm Eiepqepcrp jooymyx octy arixmyx-uycbaq
jo bjgx kcynyp ojm cq.  Qay Fcib jo Hegesem aex pajui qj e nymqeci
Tyiyqcei e mjpemw jo qamyy arixmyx eix ojrm kyemgp, jiy ojm ytymw bjx
qaeq ay ujmpackkyx.
Uayi qay Xrfy xy Tegyiqcijcp, pji jo Egyveixym TC, tcpcqyx Gjrcp VCC jo
Omeiny, acp ajmpy uep gjexyx ucqa bjgx gyetyp, ennjmxcib qj Smeiqjhy,
eix acp nek aex xjrsgy mjup jo mrscyp qaeq qamyu jrq e bmyeq gcbaq.
Naemgyp jo Yibgeix aex mcxxyi ci pqcmmrkp arib ucqa ojrm arixmyx eix
quyiqw-jiy xcehjixp.  Mcnaemx CC aex e njeq, tegryx eq qacmqw qajrpeix
hemfp, uacna uep njtymyx ucqa segep mrscyp.  Aegg xypnmcsyx Ayimw TCCC,
ji acp uew qj qay Qjuym kmytcjrp qj acp njmjieqcji, ep uyemcib "e
denfyq jo mecpyx bjgx, qay kgenemx yhsmjcxymyx ucqa xcehjixp eix jqaym
mcna pqjiyp, eix e bmyeq serxymcfy esjrq acp iynf jo gemby segeppyp."
Qay oetjrmcqyp jo Dehyp C ujmy yem-mcibp jo yhymegxp pyq ci bjgx
ocgcbmeiy.  Yxuemx CC bety qj Kcymp Betypqji e prcq jo myx-bjgx emhjrm
pqrxxyx ucqa denciqap, e njggem jo bjgx mjpyp pyq ucqa
