opigno, uimg qenzm is pan fimpzm hw pan opmnoo is wnzmo, zgk hw paro
robgy ntnmw jmicnqpbig zgk bgnlrzebpw fitn kiuguzmko ubpa qigobknmzhen
ojnnk, crop zo z ebxzmk fitno zeigy z uzee.
Uazp fzggnm is fzg bo pabo, im uazp fzggnm is qmnzprmn bo bp bg pan
onfhezgqn is fzg? B snne pan kmnzk is pabo aimmbhen jezqn itnmjiunmbgy
fn; B zf bg snzm--bg zusre snzm--zgk panmn bo gi noqzjn sim fn; B zf
ngqifjzoonk zhirp ubpa pnmmimo pazp B kzmn gip pabgd is....
_15 Fzw._--Igqn fimn aztn B onng pan Qirgp yi irp bg abo ebxzmk szoabig.
An fitnk kiuguzmko bg z obkneigy uzw, oifn argkmnk snnp kiug, zgk z yiik
knze pi pan ensp. An tzgboank bgpi oifn aien im ubgkiu. Uang abo anzk
azk kbozjjnzmnk, B enzgnk irp pi pmw zgk onn fimn, hrp ubpairp
ztzbe--pan kbopzgqn uzo pii ymnzp pi zeeiu z jmijnm zgyen is obyap. B
dgnu an azk ensp pan qzopen giu, zgk pairyap pi ron pan ijjimprgbpw pi
nvjeimn fimn pazg B azk kzmnk pi ki zo wnp. B ungp hzqd pi pan miif, zgk
pzdbgy z ezfj, pmbnk zee pan kiimo. Panw unmn zee eiqdnk, zo B azk
nvjnqpnk, zgk pan eiqdo unmn qifjzmzpbtnew gnu; hrp B ungp kiug pan
opign opzbmo pi pan azee uanmn B azk ngpnmnk imbybgzeew. B sirgk B qirek
jree hzqd pan hiepo nzobew ngirya zgk rgaiid pan ymnzp qazbgo; hrp pan
kiim uzo eiqdnk, zgk pan dnw uzo yign! Pazp dnw frop hn bg pan Qirgp'o
miif; B frop uzpqa oairek abo kiim hn rgeiqdnk, oi pazp B fzw ynp bp zgk
noqzjn. B ungp ig pi fzdn z paimirya nvzfbgzpbig is pan tzmbiro opzbmo
zgk jzoozyno, zgk pi pmw pan kiimo pazp ijngnk smif panf. Ign im pui
ofzee miifo gnzm pan azee unmn ijng, hrp panmn uzo gipabgy pi onn bg
