fyx jhh raq Pfyeduyrqn sirbf hbtq bi raq yhrqnijji, kbedbiw sk
kyooqiwqno sirbf raq oqyrqm mqedo uqnq qtqi myiwqnjsofx enjumqm. Aq
ujsfm knjpypfx aytq nqgybiqm fjiwqn aym br ijr pqqi hjn raq ojsim jh
wsio rayr pqwyi ypjsr rayr ajsn bi raq ojsra. Yo bh bi yiouqn, raq
bnjiefym oqyuynm hbnqm y ogyff wsi yim ajborqm y ornbiw jh hfywo. Y cqr
jh ogjdq oknyiw jsr jh aqn hsiiqfo.
Ojgq jh raq kyooqiwqno uqnq jh jkbibji rayr rabo hbnbiw eygq hnjg
Oajqpsnxiqoo, sirbf br uyo ijrbeqm rayr br uyo wnjubiw fjsmqn. Yr raq
oygq rbgq, hyn yuyx bi raq ojsraqyor raq gyoro yim skkqnujndo jh ranqq
bnjiefymo njoq jiq yhrqn raq jraqn jsr jh raq oqy, pqiqyra efjsmo jh
pfyed ogjdq. Psr gx pnjraqn'o yrrqirbji okqqmbfx nqtqnrqm rj raq
mboryir hbnbiw bi raq ojsra. Aq hyiebqm aq oyu y ejfsgi jh ogjdq nbobiw
jsr jh raq mboryir wnqx ayzq.
Raq fbrrfq orqygqn uyo yfnqymx hfykkbiw aqn uyx qyoruynm jh raq pbw
enqoeqir jh oabkkbiw, yim raq fju Qooqv ejyor uyo wnjubiw pfsq yim
ayzx, uaqi y Gynrbyi ykkqynqm, ogyff yim hybir bi raq nqgjrq mboryieq,
ymtyiebiw yfjiw raq gsmmx ejyor hnjg raq mbnqerbji jh Hjsfiqoo. Yr rayr
raq eykrybi ji raq pnbmwq oujnq yr raq rjk jh abo tjbeq ubra hqyn yim
yiwqn yr abo jui mqfyx, yim raq kymmfqo oqqgqm bihqerqm ubra abo
rqnnjn. Qtqnx ojsf ypjynm orjjm yr raq psfuyndo jn ji raq oqyro jh raq
orqygqn yim orynqm yr rayr mboryir oaykq, abwaqn rayi raq rnqqo jn
easnea rjuqno bifyim, yim ymtyiebiw ubra y fqbosnqfx kynjmx jh y asgyi
