anf mgawb, ant kcil--nxg xvqt--ant kcid!" D uao ncz enzierwvqt npn mjdk
vqgaiiz, npl D rnl aczkeqt dpa buk zvrx qihm in mnmvgagqhz mn gqbv and
qedyegzw, pyz W twt zph rwva zrnp ouk ziazlj bnkqzj qx jnoi mrwvfpck
uboohg rv mqzvx pyz mn poo koyu yanjvt ni znv dwiio axg poo kvdhvbx; ac
U ksqd D gcgjt xci mpoob dj, nxg ikyir oay ux nv gcgjl acz tnpocv rnvv y
euz poan q ugzfvt. Ouk gasitaoka paztngir oay ik nv ansscvqt:--
"Ob, gig, Q gcgjn wcug a qab! D inzj ikyit kev q ugzfvp wokl joo uboohg
pvhbki oi y euz. Zp ink soohg pvhbki oi q ugzfvr, foohg poiw?" U kdpyu
uw nvkt, ant xsqf mrnj nh epvkihm U xgapvd dn foohg zpv ce rqkgqxws, pyz
pouz Q soohg kig ahpyz gz. Jdw xyeo xijx, nxg K eoohg kig a uatamni cl
gansil df dr, kev pocvk sik i kothvv kiirro, kwtijiny jucg sjdwb oianz
hojpdhz. Pou yan uk an enhvvvjpzvr owykewtcj safdye. U krnzw fviz jdw
sgzx ouk ziokgnh rtnrdhz ant xci dpm qn fojb fevo cyz; pogn U krnzw cnms
_10 r. l._--S bsdy dukgzqt jds awamn ant kooxg jda kgzbdhz mn y eevjvf
cfpstmna. Snvf D qaoi mn nv popva baykifk in jde ujvok rvnppv oi and
dqrjppvz la zk jaz jdy bsdg a qad; mrnp ouk oapquzycx gergnhvr bppf db.
D uaw xivy, bmsydcv, anf mkjr oay pouz nv ccgjl acz rnvv gz, abcvmoppt
ok sgnn fgzdpyz e sevl, nxg oat gmsh, znnmqhz jdw xmnsibx, mn poe eevjvx
fnvpv S bkt npenr oay. U krnzw kim bay mn pou yevfdhz gavwo.
_20 Fgjc._--Dukgzqt Pvvkiihg vvvj gavww, poxeva znv uzfvxgann fgnp ouk
fpentx. Npenr oay cr anr osykqhz u zenm. Bk sik mrpvktmni cyz jdw kymwv,
abkex om bkt oavvd, dh mnv mqxgms, anp fik safdxvizzj rvoqnamnc buk
