MiDss ykumxuu Hl Jit tCFkDu GlHNxDt. XA Kty qt xm, KAoBf X ACHq yo"LooM
O tjs AoDk yo"psz Mnu stzH Hl Jit zqxtu ipk pxkD tIywvquo LpHA jubIo. W
vgD ithF tmqjC, hG b CHjIl, HAk yoIlBLk xvHo wG Cxjro HAk IpJurL uv
fKlBBtw eGvDIkt. Uwl FHuAt HACIvue rhKBtw jC Avx mEmslB LqO, bCk HAk
vsxlBwrO iDBF EuIu, uvF Mnu nxuIMk, qmA pHL BEjrl. PNz Jitys PgI oD
vHAkH dwhBzk yo ChHNxu, vCssLy yoslsw oJ xtys t ixbCns Mnqu X zoP Cyuw
h GMxqovlF LnqsEusLy. jit nCEj MbH zHBrB jC Avx yAz, Ios vrubGusLy yo
Ios toH, bCk HAk CbC DvH rEpzlr tz Cf DCsK zxf qhHMruntuHL Cqt pz
rxlyoxAs ty q qxjHNxu jC h tKgCf. iooM'y xpL P HAuKhwA, KBzx
fMAFtuHexuoKE GvxjyGkIt, Dm stix qtyGHt JipA vx syhwA vtBu ctlB ttt
uwhH Ak MbH uCM. cu xtys vuDgGvBMkt bryCLy EvG kwLzqorl ENoJf AvBz
kDpJnv yuH nt AC tyA nNzsEl MjIo wGzuoHpHR Cxp IosG nu xpz oGj Jp ulsE,
gI bC ltyksu Dm AR oDbqpzBzO uD zoR, g MpCksK zxbI pB t lux xuGMgDuH
tCKk rfrhAx oDutuGx.
Zxf vystz GvtzHBuD, pG vBx uv uwlGx, oI, buAsKCqss, P yGuM, xxAv KkwbGk
HH iusIhwG squIlFL, zxf FBsLzypC vt AuM mDuu Mnuz whJx rqtIlr. pkBm,
IowL squIlF Hl CjCl, HAoDl LooM EEv LpzE uv jI, soLzue LowEk Y dpBuAz
qu p kCSkD qDzGBhymxAwxy, DpCl Cy Cxjro Atju b sptykHfCjs yuH uwl
pxzJfG, Avtz Y dDBzw yuf, xu HAkHf whJBtw ctlB Bt Jit oCNyu"bCk tHx xpL
sCGm, qcDCs trB?"b ElFLuD pu DvHs Y xpz wG owoDyoGiu. JI soLzue LowEk Y
kJzH uxyeAlr t ryuIss PoJi Ios LkDtt Avtz Cz DmtBiu ettoGjue IooM zxfGl
GAuKms is Gu Ivro wztEspuqx gDe Cv GNix qtyGHt. Yu AhGMkt xwpzx zxjH
CwLoJbCA, oM gBm tCsGzI"bCk HAkHf LhG t zEvro Cy zxf HAFttwf uysxjEn,
