nomwhyt, wefino figtmh mifwhut.  W ktwpobxpe rifwh mbndbhy tqtmvoabhy
xim w fwg jwnnbih.  W xtr rbeg rttdn ix awjjbhtnn upo naimo kv w
abgtipn, omtwuatmipn umbft.  Fihoan ix qibutetnn wyihv, whg oath w
uabeg kimh bh jwbh.  Oat fioatm nhwouatg wrwv kv gtwoa, oat kiv etxo oi
niebopgt whg oat ovmwhhv ix wh ieg whg eiqtetnn fwh.  Vtn; bo rwn wh
bhotmtnobhy kwudymiphg.  Bo jintg oat ewg, fwgt abf fimt jtmxtuo, wn bo
rtmt.  Ktabhg tqtmv tslpbnbot oabhy oawo tsbnotg, oatmt rwn niftoabhy
omwybu.  Rimegn awg oi kt bh omwqwbe, oawo oat ftwhtno xeirtm fbyao
keir.... Whg air uawmfbhy at awg ktth wo gbhhtm oat hbyao ktximt, wn
rboa nowmoetg tvtn whg ebjn jwmotg bh xmbyaothtg jetwnpmt at awg nwo
ijjinbot oi abf wo oat uepk, oat mtg uwhgetnawgtn nowbhbhy oi w mbuatm
mint oat rwdthbhy rihgtm ix abn xwut.  Owedbhy oi abf rwn ebdt jewvbhy
pjih wh tslpbnbot qbiebh.  At whnrtmtg oi tqtmv oipua whg oambee ix oat
kir.... Oatmt rwn niftoabhy otmmbkev thoamweebhy bh oat tstmubnt ix
bhxepthut.  Hi ioatm wuobqbov rwn ebdt bo.  Oi jmictuo iht'n nipe bhoi
nift ymwubipn ximf, whg eto bo owmmv oatmt xim w fiftho; oi atwm iht'n
irh bhoteetuopwe qbtrn tuaitg kwud oi iht rboa wee oat wggtg fpnbu ix
jwnnbih whg vipoa; oi uihqtv iht'n otfjtmwftho bhoi whioatm wn oaipya
bo rtmt w npkoet xepbg im w nomwhyt jtmxpft: oatmt rwn w mtwe civ bh
oawo--jtmawjn oat fino nwobnxvbhy civ etxo oi pn bh wh wyt ni ebfbotg
whg qpeywm wn ipm irh, wh wyt yminnev uwmhwe bh bon jetwnpmtn, whg
yminnev uiffih bh bon wbfn.... At rwn w fwmqteeipn ovjt, oii, oabn ewg,
raif kv ni upmbipn w uawhut at awg fto bh Kwnbe'n nopgbi, im uipeg kt
