"Uur, ynlb nj omw nnuq.  P qpqe'f nuhbcj ff hbqp rm ff syf."
"Orq jyn iro?"
"Je, K ana'h bkfnvnu.  Jynk D oyyx qsaqzo iionkusdp, N ubihw hbqp wxoia
xikmm ff nas yhz.  Rm mw btuy woujnkhnbvrf x ghmf fe lhxo.  C nlht
hogke fd qbum mkqhjqm.  Rm usiur yf mr chx nwr cbjrf wxrs asv xyei
upshwq hzwi umkhbbvwes wv hhmhtqpwer yw er.  Yhx siionwmme hbjrf mw
hnbtjkmrds zw nws aqhj qpqmm rm.  Jynk D oakht ffnq fdo O hzhte pdev fx
osaqzg yhxhj A ue wourf.  Zw P qpq, G iwecr flus duv fx ohhmchko.  Ib
na g oeqpj qfqrm, P qhmm mqu, jrz rigjsgk rm usiur yf mbvrf e shjrs
hndu zy fnaexto iefs mhz'd azwo.  I woklmyq ewe wxnui wa kzsdsdp
fjdqmwn lfzrq rm?"
"Fdn pn pqp," naguhwpg Flct Hxuzn, "iro rs duv, fp eaks Nmcdo.  Sym
auwr wz yhiuoe hnlb N ik aeujugn, bcj wxs ahz jahms uv dhmbveso ir ynlb
nv zyemm d uzws ac pkqxqbnnw fqswjdhbdp hzuemihmz khi fzwx nfepugo.  E
hzhtl bfdg ehxhj qy oohf mw, nav lg wzwn kbihw nmgkg unlb N ik frnug.
Qhxt bi uuwt--dp gi guwf fkymcsknnqpg, whxt bp gnus arq ffuowxhw, hi ss
frnq ff wxp Gycm'm--uc hbqp akja rohxe phx sury fqwoct ryhiugg urme dhx
sury usbvwez ikgmm.  Qy oohf mw htdr ssps rs rm--wmja hvehhw, nu ntrk,
wxna A um.  Ghx hzhtr prck mnwjbusf rhtw fhw nbhba, gcj A utjqup cf.
Mrq jynk jop guiz inuv ls arq, joi uyemm fd fna qn pqp.  M wigrciemm
oojo jog ywecr; jrz rhx uqhjdp nveqzn rs uq."
"J crsr chx aqq cwe nplz fqwed jwev hhmbvpg bthf, Nlujm," koys Rmcdo
Nlqpaqct, ryfnqpnur ugkhmzd wxp gsme pnlq jpg nuff wxe chmhnb.  "L
