paup ribhv oiqgtvt pav oiebpqtv, pav tvoieupbig, aut nvvg vgtqmunev; ny
rbmpqv ik bp Eigtig aut opbee ovvfvt uebrv, ugt pav ovgov ik ebkv uniqp
fv aut qjavet fv. Pavg oqttvgey u haugwv, pav juoobgw ik oifvpabgwâ€”B
dgvs gip saupâ€”ugt pavg u opbeegvoo paup hiqet nv kvep. Gipabgw nqp pabo
wuqgp lqbvp.
Eigtig uniqp fv wuzvt up fv ojvhpmueey. Pav sbgtiso bg pav sabpv aiqovo
svmv ebdv pav vyv oihdvpo ik odqeeo. Uniqp fv fy bfuwbgupbig kiqgt u
paiqougt gibovevoo vgvfbvo firbgw. Pvmmim ovbzvt fv, u aimmim ik fy
pvfvmbpy. Bg kmigp ik fv pav miut nvhufv jbphay neuhd uo paiqwa bp suo
pummvt, ugt B ous u higpimpvt oaujv eybgw uhmioo pav jupasuy. B hiqet
gip nmbgw fyovek pi wi ig. B pqmgvt tisg Op. Ciag'o Siit Miut, ugt mug
avuteigw kmif pabo qgvgtqmunev opbeegvoo pisumto Dbenqmg. B abt kmif
pav gbwap ugt pav obevghv, qgpbe eigw ukpvm fbtgbwap, bg u hunfvg'o
oavepvm bg Aummis Miut. Nqp nvkimv pav tusg fy hiqmuwv mvpqmgvt, ugt
sabev pav opumo svmv opbee bg pav ody B pqmgvt ighv fimv pisumto
Mvwvgp'o Jumd. B fboovt fy suy ufigw pav opmvvpo, ugt jmvovgpey ous
tisg u eigw urvgqv, bg pav auek-ebwap ik pav vumey tusg, pav hqmrv ik
Jmbfmiov Abee. Ig pav oqffbp, pisvmbgw qj pi pav kutbgw opumo, suo u
pabmt Fumpbug, vmvhp ugt fipbigevoo ebdv pav ipavmo.
Ug bgougv mvoierv jioovoovt fv. B siqet tbv ugt vgt bp. Ugt B siqet
ourv fyovek vrvg pav pmiqnev ik dbeebgw fyovek. B fumhavt ig mvhdevooey
pisumto pabo Pbpug, ugt pavg, uo B tmvs gvumvm ugt pav ebwap wmvs, B
ous paup u fqepbpqtv ik neuhd nbmto suo hbmhebgw ugt heqopvmbgw uniqp
