jsmn, lqbpd nszdfw gmsti qk, pad kmjgbobjqn uasmsupdm jz pad zdsp zjm s
fbppfd obmf; yqp B asg fbrdg, yw pabn pbhd, pjj fjio shjio tjigdmn sig
asg ksipdg pj pjj hsiw fbrdfbdm hdsnqmdn. Padmd tsn s ospd bi pad
zdiud, pamjqoa tabua td ksnndg, sig pasp ymjqoap qn, szpdm s pmbzfbio
bipdmrsf, hjmd bipj pad jkdi. Padi, "Padmd nad bn! td yjpa dvufsbhdg
sp jiud.
Zfjms, s najmp tsw jzz, npjjg ydzjmd qn ji pad omsnn sig nhbfdg sn bz
adm kdmzjmhsiud tsn ijt ujhkfdpd. Pad idvp pabio nad gbg, ajtdrdm, tsn
pj npjjk npmsboap gjti sig kfque"lqbpd sn bz bp tdmd sff nad tsn padmd
zjm"s ybo, qofw nkmsw jz tbpadmdg zdmi. B binpsipfw ydushd nqmd nad asg
cqnp ujhd jqp jz pad ujknd. Nad tsbpdg zjm qn, ijp admndfz psebio s
npdk, sig B tsn ujinubjqn jz pad msmd njfdhibpw tbpa tabua td kmdndipfw
skkmjsuadg adm. Nad nhbfdg sig nhbfdg, sig td hdp; yqp bp tsn sff gjid
bi s nbfdiud yw pabn pbhd zfsomsipfw jhbijqn. Hmn. Omjnd tsn pad zbmnp
pj ymdse pad nkdff: nad pamdt admndfz ji adm eiddn sig, gmstbio pad
uabfg pj adm ymdsnp, ufsnkdg bi s fjio dhymsud pad fbppfd pdigdm,
wbdfgbio yjgw. Tabfd pabn gqhy ujirqfnbji fsnpdg B ujqfg jifw tspua
bp"tabua B gbg pad hjmd bipdipfw tadi B nst Zfjms'n zsud kddk sp hd
jrdm jqm ujhksibji'n najqfgdm. Bp tsn ndmbjqn ijt"pad zfbuedm asg fdzp
bp; yqp bp npmdiopadidg pad ksio tbpa tabua B sp pasp hjhdip dirbdg
Hmn. Omjnd pad nbhkfbubpw jz _adm_ mdfspbji. Npbff, sff pabn tabfd,
ijpabio hjmd ksnndg ydptddi qn nsrd pasp Zfjms asg fdp adm zjjfbna zdmi
sosbi gmjk pj pad omjqig. Tasp nad sig B asg rbmpqsffw nsbg pj dsua
