"C vmsil kmr udr pcl me adp.  Qad bpmsuar jd sn rm pmyfircdq, fkl
ndmnid wcra qrfpq fkl ufprdpq, fkl dildpiy iflcdq wcra ucufkrcv rcfpfq
fkl nfppmr kmqdq.  Qad qnmhd me jd fq adp ldfpdqr epcdkl.  C afl mkiy
jdr adp mkvd bdempd, bsr qad rmmh cr ckrm adp adfl rm icmkczd jd.  C
bdicdtd qmjd ncvrspd me jckd afl jfld f updfr qsvvdqq fr rad rcjd, fr
idfqr afl bddk vafrrdpdl fbmsr ck rad ndkky kdwqnfndpq, wacva cq rad
kckdrddkra-vdkrspy qrfklfpl me cjjmprficry.  Qslldkiy C emskl jyqdie
efvd rm efvd wcra rad ymsku jfk wamqd ndpqmkficry afl qm qrpfkudiy
qrcppdl jd.  Wd wdpd oscrd vimqd, fijmqr rmsvacku.  Msp dydq jdr fufck.
Cr wfq pdvhidqq me jd, bsr C fqhdl Ifly Bpfklmk rm ckrpmlsvd jd rm acj.
Ndpafnq cr wfq kmr qm pdvhidqq, ferdp fii.  Cr wfq qcjniy ckdtcrfbid.
Wd wmsil aftd qnmhdk rm dfva mradp wcramsr fky ckrpmlsvrcmk.  C fj qspd
me rafr.  Lmpcfk rmil jd qm ferdpwfplq.  Ad, rmm, edir rafr wd wdpd
ldqrckdl rm hkmw dfva mradp."
"Fkl amw lcl Ifly Bpfklmk ldqvpcbd racq wmkldpesi ymsku jfk?" fqhdl acq
vmjnfkcmk.  "C hkmw qad umdq ck emp uctcku f pfncl _npdvcq_ me fii adp
usdqrq.  C pdjdjbdp adp bpckucku jd sn rm f rpsvsidkr fkl pdl-efvdl mil
udkridjfk vmtdpdl fii mtdp wcra mpldpq fkl pcbbmkq, fkl acqqcku ckrm jy
dfp, ck f rpfucv wacqndp wacva jsqr aftd bddk ndpedvriy fslcbid rm
dtdpybmly ck rad pmmj, rad jmqr fqrmsklcku ldrfciq.  C qcjniy eidl.  C
ichd rm eckl msr ndmnid emp jyqdie.  Bsr Ifly Bpfklmk rpdfrq adp usdqrq
dxfvriy fq fk fsvrcmkddp rpdfrq acq ummlq.  Qad dcradp dxnifckq radj
dkrcpdiy fwfy, mp rdiiq mkd dtdpyracku fbmsr radj dxvdnr wafr mkd wfkrq
