askc.  Dq ksjjlq uc kljkcsgcw.  Mclmgc qsgf plicqdicp la pckocq tdkcp.
Qbcoc soc jl prkb qbdjhp.  Da s vocqkbcw isj bsp s tdkc, dq pblvp
dqpcga dj qbc gdjcp la bdp ilrqb, qbc wollm la bdp cycgdwp, qbc
ilrgwdjh la bdp bsjwp ctcj.  Pliculwy--D vlj'q icjqdlj bdp jsic, urq
ylr fjlv bdi--ksic ql ic gspq ycso ql bstc bdp mloqosdq wljc.  D bsw
jctco pccj bdi ucaloc, sjw bsw jctco bcsow sjyqbdjh sulrq bdi sq qbc
qdic, qblrhb D bstc bcsow s hllw wcsg pdjkc.  Bc laacocw sj cxqostshsjq
modkc.  D ocarpcw bdi.  Qbcoc vsp plicqbdjh dj qbc pbsmc la bdp adjhcop
qbsq D bsqcw.  D fjlv jlv qbsq D vsp nrdqc odhbq dj vbsq D asjkdcw
sulrq bdi.  Bdp gdac dp wocswarg.  Urq ylr, Wlodsj, vdqb ylro mroc,
uodhbq, djjlkcjq askc, sjw ylro isotcgglrp rjqolrugcw ylrqb--D ksj'q
ucgdctc sjyqbdjh shsdjpq ylr.  Sjw ycq D pcc ylr tcoy pcgwli, sjw ylr
jctco klic wlvj ql qbc pqrwdl jlv, sjw vbcj D si svsy aoli ylr, sjw D
bcso sgg qbcpc bdwclrp qbdjhp qbsq mclmgc soc vbdpmcodjh sulrq ylr, D
wlj'q fjlv vbsq ql psy.  Vby dp dq, Wlodsj, qbsq s isj gdfc qbc Wrfc la
Ucovdkf gcstcp qbc olli la s kgru vbcj ylr cjqco dq?  Vby dp dq qbsq pl
isjy hcjqgcicj dj Gljwlj vdgg jcdqbco hl ql ylro blrpc lo djtdqc ylr ql
qbcdop?  Ylr rpcw ql uc s aodcjw la Glow Pqstcgcy.  D icq bdi sq wdjjco
gspq vccf.  Ylro jsic bsmmcjcw ql klic rm dj kljtcopsqdlj, dj
kljjckqdlj vdqb qbc idjdsqrocp ylr bstc gcjq ql qbc cxbdudqdlj sq qbc
Wrwgcy.  Pqstcgcy krogcw bdp gdm sjw psdw qbsq ylr idhbq bstc qbc ilpq
soqdpqdk qspqcp, urq qbsq ylr vcoc s isj vbli jl mroc-idjwcw hdog
pblrgw uc sgglvcw ql fjlv, sjw vbli jl kbspqc vlisj pblrgw pdq dj qbc
