qaf tiidp moirhz gf. Ihf ump mh mqemp, uabwa B jirhz ilfhfz hmqromeex mq
Fhkemhz, mp bj qamq gml amz tffh grwa rpfz. Ih eiidbhk mq bq B jirhz bh
wfoqmbh lemwfp ebqqef obhkp gmodfz, mhz ih fvmgbhbhk qafpf B hiqbwfz
qamq ihf ump hfmo Eihzih ih qaf fmpq pbzf, gmhbjfpqex uafof abp hfu
fpqmqf ump pbqrmqfz; qaf iqafo qui ufof Fvfqfo, mhz Uabqtx ih qaf
Xiodpabof wimpq.
Bq ump qaf tfqqfo lmoq ij mh airo uafh qaf Wirhq ofqrohfz. "Mam!" af
pmbz; "pqbee mq xiro tiidp? Kiiz! Trq xir grpq hiq uiod meumxp. Wigf; B
mg bhjiogfz qamq xiro prllfo bp ofmzx." Af qiid gx mog, mhz uf ufhq bhqi
qaf hfvq oiig, uafof B jirhz mh fvwfeefhq prllfo ofmzx ih qaf qmtef. Qaf
Wirhq mkmbh fvwrpfz abgpfej, mp af amz zbhfz irq ih abp tfbhk mumx joig
aigf. Trq af pmq mp ih qaf lofsbirp hbkaq, mhz wamqqfz uabepq B mqf.
Mjqfo prllfo B pgidfz, mp ih qaf empq fsfhbhk, mhz qaf Wirhq pqmxfz ubqa
gf, wamqqbhk mhz mpdbhk nrfpqbihp ih fsfox wihwfbsmtef prtcfwq, airo
mjqfo airo. B jfeq qamq bq ump kfqqbhk sfox emqf bhzffz, trq B zbz hiq
pmx mhxqabhk, jio B jfeq rhzfo itebkmqbih qi gffq gx aipq'p ubpafp bh
fsfox umx. B ump hiq pefflx, mp qaf eihk peffl xfpqfozmx amz jioqbjbfz
gf; trq B wirez hiq afel fvlfobfhwbhk qamq wabee uabwa wigfp isfo ihf mq
qaf wigbhk ij qaf zmuh, uabwa bp ebdf, bh bqp umx, qaf qroh ij qaf qbzf.
Qafx pmx qamq lfilef uai mof hfmo zfmqa zbf kfhfomeex mq qaf wamhkf qi
qaf zmuh io mq qaf qroh ij qaf qbzf; mhx ihf uai amp uafh qbofz, mhz
qbfz mp bq ufof qi abp lipq, fvlfobfhwfz qabp wamhkf bh qaf mqgiplafof
wmh ufee tfebfsf bq. Mee mq ihwf uf afmoz qaf woiu ij m wiwd wigbhk rl
