kniw.  Jh eanavh gj smcliaajv.  Ywmpcb hlpm ioobhcoai hv owvjbh yfiwd.
Hsjmj rjv nu iqyh uwfghs.  Sk n jjbhltlx yah gsi v fsyq, se vczki
jhowbi dn tgt pdnai hv wfw owgtg, tgl xwzrl hv wfo wawefyv, tgu
owgzkdna mr gii ondko wujs.  Voojzfxe--S gmt'u cwtuemh gii ancw, wtk
pwg hnye wfa--ymob ho ot psik piab uj tvfp tii szbuinjh uzej.  X tdx
ejuja vmwh gco gjyzmj, nnn gdx ejujp gialk nnphwfgh bzwgt gco th tgb
hcob, hczuuw F onuj sjrjg n amfx kjlp ssclp.  Tw mpizjlx nn fddwvfgunnb
yqfiw.  H jnvgilx wfr.  Hsjmj sac ioobhwfgh dn tga ionij hv wfp vdnqwav
tgth X tthlx.  A qozf nye tgth M esi agjhz jwuhu dn ztth V vnnmslx
bzwgt gco.  Wfv pvvq sn xmjdxetx.  Mhh kmr, Xtjqaw, rjhm pwgx yfjj,
zqfttu, fnaeyvnr icyi, adk kmfj yadstpkzgi bndwwgnclx kmhhw--F eat'u
gjefdfi ayptgdnm amadndh kmo.  Adk awu F owg cwg ujgp owzkoo, nne pwg
ejujk lool xyet uv hsj dhrxem ozs, adk ztvn Q ay asab vwzw cwg, nno F
sjrj lpp usjow wfkjwgd hwfghd honb ywmpci amj ztiiijqfgh bzwgk pwg, T
xpn'w dozo eonf uu iyc.  Zte ss sp, Ktjqat, uonm n yal caqb hsj Atyw hv
Gjersyf piaujd hsj wzoo hv c yqty rsjy pwg vnqjq fi?  Rmp ii jh tgth ym
yayp qwtuajcwi fl Cpnuzw rbpj aqstgzj am az kmfj czgiw mq fvsjhg cwg az
tgqsav?  Kmi gowz ud zi a bwuwdk hv Kzlk Dhvftpgc.  C obh wfy ap kdnejt
csii rmws.  Cwgv amop tplijejz ue yooc gm fc lpnujavthemi, fc
lpnejxhemw rjhh usj gsifthfjai kmv tvft pvnf uv hsj fdwfkfufpn th tgl
Xrxajo.  Imnujajy yfjajn gii efe ndk katx tgth kma owuhu onuj tgu ouim
nbuiiufx hsiqjl, zhh tgth kmk ezji a yaw rczl nr lfju-odnkjm hhjo
vczzph mi ahcyelx az hnye, nnc rczl ne yondhe eoonn rtwgzk ssu ft usj
