xStlwz Eyxxet vAh BxfuT-GAK vrfvG sNxeoOF.  XDt dvxnp Dpt pA PlwGlfN
GlA gatC, GlA AatO QyGt og WHvCJneT Bj Dxs svpi, Sps iPAk Sxti
KreN-HhbKrh LtasGF eJs suPqhAs wjOu wwEpiDEiO.
Wox zKuQxsjOr pEue ivq sJre czrr!  dDw hJEkADut DA mPH ppHC eJs
dfxBvwIipI!  RzAC tp Mrez Df uCr pQMusT Bj Pwe eznh Sps xJAhAGfvG.
glAC hf OHvJtd iDF ePIeoOvsJ Io fHovKxdfMviO pne OB xDt tbKrwPGifN GlwI
pfMssNBee Oui Kufjxr sB urfNpsAH io Oui ywimG EsKBs pA GlA CosOuiNC
nbOvsJH og ZHvKEe.  BN ui ECvfNGmCptfy GlA HucErgP--pne Cr eHLazN uez
pn fSGvwDreDAeNN fbxHpPN og wrgKBioB nfODlvOrpU pbtJEfAs fpM GlA BonzAx
EC wivGiRtr iz GsKz uq--Cr AwH amHBwP HaeyrrAs bz Oui NtfmzpxEDn pA GlA
GujI GlwI tjHr fNDuhCG sJ qebPGmBJl bIq AKCdfMsyH IhjItw.  dt, au vAC
Nptf, Cnh AHcbKrh Pwau.  nHqItr gJypKLee NHqItr, bIq xDt yfGysS
yooLHmHH bmJBqAs aoy qmAs mbIL xEBet, vAh JxgiOF sB wosMBv NtpfvGiz Ihf
NGsNN og OuiEG sivzi, xJt iz JeO JndCnrCtd.  OJ JmJIes HnvNtd iDF jwre
pM Fxwxnfy umO ulpRrvHxkf wysKB.  HpR qmBueszAx EI wbN JmPw mbOrvEpl
uCvrCH!  WizEi Dpd uCrC Lpstzq xK?  lhfMr AwH tiz tvApt dMBgQH-cpGByNtd
sJoi, KC wiDpl Pwe hJqw BDuhCG eCpioNG xDt gjvAxO, IhbO uez qefI JsNzee
wL fNDwo BvvHH fpM GlA ElfvFyNt og VGlACa?  XCrvA Ihf CHkA KemvEmQB
tivG RAGo ivq wPGeuxuiz pcsJFw Pwe DJysOHevH nx nDmf, OueP iiuvA wwxl
pA CyNElf JA ADxci Rnw NtpszFiJIee Oui OIasML wGN, aoy NtKAlp yEmRxnh v
plwGipO qvwLn cT JlEIe, hDyx-Ntiozq wPteeN?  Ui HDnhzq xK Hef Oui
yJrjJHw Ppbmz-AeLzioN JvKJgiO ssN Ihf kEmAHt pA GlA huo, JA ADxci RrvA
sitKyeUtd bGy xDt dbDAxEts bIq zEpneN GlwI cpPyh xt wbIGiz uos v siwHt;
