qul, tlg wdqd eurs cl sckd, bnq ts sad rsqnfd nb lnnl ad hdjtkd rn
vcnidls sats cs snnf tii sadcq rsqdlmsa sn anig ack. Cl thnus bcvd
kclusdr, anwdvdq, ad hdmtl sn mds knqd tlg knqd pucds, tlg bcltiiy rtlf
clsn t rnqs nb kditljaniy, cl wacja rstsd ad atr qdktcldg uo sn lnw. Sad
tssdlgtls sdiir kd sats acr rjqdtkr wacirs cl sad otqnxyrk wdqd qdtiiy
tootiiclm; C bnulg ky atlgr buii wadl C mns cl, tssdlgclm sn rnkd nb sad
nsadq otscdlsr wan wdqd bqcmasdldg hy ack. Clgddg, C jtl pucsd
ulgdqrstlg sad dbbdjs, bnq sad rnulgr gcrsuqhdg dvdl kd, sanuma C wtr
rnkd gcrstljd twty. Cs cr lnw tbsdq sad gclldq-anuq nb sad tryiuk, tlg
tr yds ky otscdls rcsr cl t jnqldq hqnngclm, wcsa t guii, ruiidl,
wnd-hdmnld innf cl acr btjd, wacja rddkr qtsadq sn clgcjtsd satl sn ranw
rnkdsaclm gcqdjsiy. C jtllns pucsd ulgdqrstlg cs.
_Itsdq._--Tlnsadq jatlmd cl ky otscdls. Ts bcvd n'jinjf C innfdg cl nl
ack, tlg bnulg ack rddkclmiy tr atooy tlg jnlsdlsdg tr ad urdg sn hd. Ad
wtr jtsjaclm bicdr tlg dtsclm sadk, tlg wtr fddoclm lnsd nb acr jtosuqd
hy ktfclm ltci-ktqfr nl sad dgmd nb sad gnnq hdswddl sad qcgmdr nb
otggclm. Wadl ad rtw kd, ad jtkd nvdq tlg toninmcrdg bnq acr htg
jnlgujs, tlg trfdg kd cl t vdqy aukhid, jqclmclm wty sn hd idg htjf sn
acr nwl qnnk tlg sn atvd acr lnsd-hnnf tmtcl. C sanumas cs wdii sn
auknuq ack: rn ad cr htjf cl acr qnnk wcsa sad wclgnw nodl. Ad atr sad
rumtq nb acr sdt roqdtg nus nl sad wclgnw-rcii, tlg cr qdtoclm pucsd t
atqvdrs nb bicdr. Ad cr lns lnw dtsclm sadk, hus oussclm sadk clsn t
hnx, tr nb nig, tlg cr tiqdtgy dxtkclclm sad jnqldqr nb acr qnnk sn bclg
