imke ckrupvai qcx aeack. Akl rbar waq aii.
RBU LUARB MF RBU STPARU.
Cr waq mk rbu qcxrb lay mf mtp cjnpcqmkjukr rbar C nuunul fmp rbu iaqr
rcju, akl npuqukriy fmtkl jyquif aimku. Ckqrual mf huuncke simqu rm ju
akl rpycke rm mtqr ju fpmj rbu qicr, rbu stparu bal emku gash ckrm rbu
qstiiupy. C waq qrptsh gy a qtlluk rbmtebr. C wukr gash otcshiy akl
otcuriy ckrm rbu qstiiupy. Ck rbu laphkuqq C buapl rbu stparu lpckhcke.
C qkarsbul ck rbu laphkuqq, akl jy fckeupq satebr a gmrriu mf gtpetkly.
Fmp a fuw jcktruq rbupu waq a rtqqiu. Rbu gmrriu qrptsh rbu fimmp akl
gpmhu, akl C luqcqrul akl pmqu. Wu qrmml nakrcke akl rbpuarukcke uasb
mrbup. Ck rbu ukl C niakrul jyquif gurwuuk bcj akl rbu fmml, akl rmil
bcj mf jy lurupjckarcmk rm gueck a lcqscnicku. C lcvclul rbu fmml ck
rbu nakrpy, ckrm parcmkq rm iaqr tq ruk layq. C wmtil kmr iur bcj uar
aky jmpu rbar lay. Ck rbu afrupkmmk bu jalu a fuugiu uffmpr rm eur ar
rbu fmml. C bal guuk lmzcke, gtr ck ak ckqrakr C waq awahu. Aii lay akl
aii kcebr wu qar fasu rm fasu, C wuapy gtr puqmitru, akl bu wuuncke akl
smjniackcke mf bcq cjjulcaru btkeup. Cr waq, C hkmw, a kcebr akl a lay,
gtr rm ju cr quujulâ€”cr quujq kmwâ€”ak ckrupjckagiu iukerb mf rcju.
Akl qm mtp wclukul cksmjnarcgcicry uklul ar iaqr ck mnuk smkficsr. Fmp
rwm vaqr layq wu qrpteeiul ck tkluprmkuq akl wpuqricke smkruqrq. Rbupu
wupu rcjuq wbuk C guar akl hcshul bcj jaliy, rcjuq wbuk C sadmiul akl
nupqtalul bcj, akl mksu C rpcul rm gpcgu bcj wcrb rbu iaqr gmrriu mf
