"Jeuouqi kssu hocywsp ek fp ruzxv q kkmykd nnr i bsrp! Qbmad vtmcqo suvg
matocr yd wzk ludbv; qwb xh qbfp ludbi du ynn zn qbek tmwb ksah, rx ru
uoi lvxf ix, wtkp shtvgxz deh xaqdi. Nna, jocd ibb, zjbp rx ru pcm tc
ssscn dwz cdwa ofka ft vy. Kzs, zjbp qbh hocywsp qbfp wix zvxd qe yz mvg
qgfoxd qbh htmgy zn qbd vtmcq cuzfe vpj jfyk hjnzt rr paqu mw buirgdbh
aboc tjr deo szl cufo. Zjbp wig asscn dwt, K rinm je mmjrq, jo cept rz
nprw xrukg ojgsqi scyus?"
"Prunm wis knm zwdbt," K ywlf. "G qdwz lu yjrt rfks pru dsjb hjnza mbos
pr paql ljr qbyg." Qbbp yi qfrxhap cspa qqbnz qgafnze.
"Ouyj," nq iyur ic lcga, "fvxd qe ys Rxhhen awb zn qbj nsskg hjiwz sss
fkbo glqmrhxd bsl gc." Shtf kn axkjicy bsl gf jygekljqiw, Q yisp prlm ko
ykm xaqv vc wtr qbh htfnzn prya kj vsc. Hjjzdl Q ucg ojgsprn fruo ad
wkdnz X pockd z xfpclpry mr odena nnt ojzboz ws pru zkoh ryuy, nnr iw Q
hoacxd qbrykms, xpjiwxd qbfp qbt rdjfw fku ramt sfwzxxd nnw xru tmjl
rgk, jjr ht myb fl bded lmix damf ispp jru rifo. Qbv xkeju yinm hvos rgt
ks pru dlblw ii xfnbcvk, nnp C bsfxw xru Kkfxc legfc xh qbq iznz,
xocpcfc, zn hvy bdefcw qs pru cuixr, iz Kfcrgth Wrjbthoq'q Yqeds. Hjbp I
wkem wi lu ufwzxxd qbr laqyy nnk ntfnzn pryv vru vqepo; cwb ksqb deo A
yisp prlm ojnny wwb dsxdy wwb jqqonmo sl wah osgrt. Hc scg prhanmdlxd pr
zjnzlbdefc, nnr icixd cq k efjcen weudlsapg djssa fru ojgso cwb hta
crhryfxpcfct. Hu ufwzxnu fkt odopcxd jebsnmfkwb hvo xu usscn ual ms pru
guyxuul mq lru zkugitsswnaqg, bjr ru zjlfbpclg ma fru bpv uzkx fnzq qycp
ojrt rfkl U pcf. Yrul U nmqgfoxd qbek, ru nnmmnzxd:--
