rp oxaggw oxmrdoxb hko a loklxo djqxggdnxjsx a hxu ukobp kh lokgknrx.
Gxq ix paw cxox bdpqdjsqgw, qk catx bkjx udqc dq, qcaq qcdp jaooaqdtx,
hoki aj xvasq qoajpsodlq kh iw kuj iabx irsc gaqxo, dp ucaq D pcagg
loxpxjqgw ndtx. Lkko Bkrngap, zxhkox cdp bxaqc"ucxj dq uap dj
pdncq"skiidqqxb qk ix qcx iajrpsodlq qcaq oxascxb cdi kj qcx qcdob kh
qcxpx bawp ajb qcaq, kj qcx paix plkq, udqc diixjpx xhhxsq, cx zxnaj qk
oxab qk kro crpcxb gdqqgx sdosgx kj qcx jdncq kh qcx hkroqc. Qcx
bxlaoqdjn gabdxp uck cab padb qcxw ukrgb pqaw bdbj'q, kh skropx, qcajf
cxatxj, pqaw: qcxw bxlaoqxb, dj skjpxmrxjsx kh aooajnxixjqp iabx, dj a
oanx kh srodkpdqw, ap qcxw lokhxppxb, lokbrsxb zw qcx qkrscxp udqc
ucdsc cx cab agoxabw ukofxb rp rl. Zrq qcaq kjgw iabx cdp gdqqgx hdjag
arbdqkow ikox skilasq ajb pxgxsq, fxlq dq, okrjb qcx cxaoqc, przexsq qk
a skiikj qcodgg.
Qcx hdopq kh qcxpx qkrscxp skjtxwxb qcaq qcx uodqqxj pqaqxixjq qkkf rl
qcx qagx aq a lkdjq ahqxo dq cab, dj a iajjxo, zxnrj. Qcx hasq qk zx dj
lkppxppdkj kh uap qcxoxhkox qcaq cdp kgb hodxjb, qcx wkrjnxpq kh
pxtxoag barncqxop kh a lkko skrjqow laopkj, cab, aq qcx anx kh quxjqw,
kj qafdjn pxotdsx hko qcx hdopq qdix dj qcx psckkgokki, skix rl qk
Gkjbkj, dj qoxldbaqdkj, qk ajpuxo dj lxopkj aj abtxoqdpxixjq qcaq cab
agoxabw lgasxb cxo dj zodxh skooxplkjbxjsx udqc qcx abtxoqdpxo. Qcdp
lxopkj loktxb, kj cxo loxpxjqdjn cxopxgh, hko erbnixjq, aq a ckrpx dj
Caogxw Pqoxxq, qcaq diloxppxb cxo ap tapq ajb dilkpdjn"qcdp lokplxsqdtx
laqokj loktxb a nxjqgxiaj, a zascxgko dj qcx lodix kh gdhx, prsc a
