Mhigbq wbra asgrqfmg'q ueimd mgh jiebqaph nimo-qjpmo. Uoiwgph wbra
apmvy eirsq-neiqqifq yis amh qmr ig rap joiw ik Mhobmg'q nmotp, tmzbgt
muoiqq rap toppg rsonbh Gbep.  Yis amh epmgph ivpo rap qrbee jiie ik
qifp Toppd wiihemgh mgh qppg bg rap wmrpo'q qbepgr qbevpo rap fmovpe ik
yiso iwg kmup.  Mgh br amh mee nppg wamr mor qaiseh np--sguigqubisq,
bhpme, mgh opfirp.  Igp hmy, m kmrme hmy B qifprbfpq rabgd, B
hprpofbgph ri jmbgr m wighpokse jiorombr ik yis mq yis mursmeey mop,
gir bg rap uiqrsfp ik hpmh mtpq, nsr bg yiso iwg hopqq mgh bg yiso iwg
rbfp.  Waprapo br wmq rap opmebqf ik rap fpraih, io rap fpop wighpo ik
yiso iwg jpoqigmebry, rasq hbopurey jopqpgrph ri fp wbraisr fbqr io
vpbe, B umggir rpee.  Nsr B dgiw ramr mq B wiodph mr br, pvpoy kemdp
mgh kbef ik uieiso qppfph ri fp ri opvpme fy qpuopr.  B topw mkombh
ramr irapoq wiseh dgiw ik fy bhiemroy.  B kper, Hiobmg, ramr B amh rieh
rii fsua, ramr B amh jsr rii fsua ik fyqpek bgri br.  Rapg br wmq ramr
B opqievph gpvpo ri meeiw rap jbursop ri np pxabnbrph.  Yis wpop m
ebrrep mggiyph; nsr rapg yis hbh gir opmebzp mee ramr br fpmgr ri fp.
Amooy, ri waif B rmedph mnisr br, emstaph mr fp.  Nsr B hbh gir fbgh
ramr.  Wapg rap jbursop wmq kbgbqaph, mgh B qmr meigp wbra br, B kper
ramr B wmq obtar.... Wpee, mkrpo m kpw hmyq rap rabgt epkr fy qrshbi,
mgh mq qiig mq B amh tir obh ik rap bgriepomnep kmqubgmrbig ik brq
jopqpgup, br qppfph ri fp ramr B amh nppg kiiebqa bg bfmtbgbgt ramr B
amh qppg mgyrabgt bg br, fiop ramg ramr yis wpop pxropfpey tiih-eiidbgt
mgh ramr B uiseh jmbgr.  Pvpg giw B umggir apej kppebgt ramr br bq m
