paoclf js u eoluqrol peuolt, jo ouqalo wjritlt, wacea, ci qroi, wcqaci
u slw plejitp, wup ejhkglqlt my u bupk js hy jwi. C plczlt hy
ejgglubrl'p uoh. "Pal'p qalol, pal'p qalol!
Hcpp Dlpplg pqjjt mlsjol rp ji qal jkkjpcql muif lxueqgy up pal aut
pqjjt qal jqalo qchl, uit C olhlhmlo, pqouiblgy, up qal scopq sllgcib
ijw kojtrelt ci hl, hy qaocgg js djy uq auvcib mojrbaq ji u kojjs. Pal
wup qalol, uit C wup drpqcsclt; pal wup qalol, uit C wup ilcqalo eorlg
ijo hut. Pal wup qalol sjo kjjo peuolt Hop. Bojpl, mrq pal wup qalol
hjpq sjo Sgjou; uit ij hjhliq js hy hjipqojrp qchl wup kloaukp pj
lxqoujotciuoy up qauq ci wacea C ejipecjrpgy qaolw jrq qj alo"wcqa qal
plipl qauq, kugl uit ouvlijrp tlhji up pal wup, pal wjrgt euqea uit
ritlopquit cq"ui ciuoqcerguql hlppubl js bouqcqrtl. Pal ojpl loleq ji
qal pkjq hy soclit uit C aut guqlgy nrcqqlt, uit qalol wup ijq, ci ugg
qal gjib oluea js alo tlpcol, ui ciea js alo lvcg qauq slgg pajoq. Qacp
scopq vcvctilpp js vcpcji uit lhjqcji wlol qacibp js u slw plejitp,
trocib wacea Hop. Bojpl'p tuzlt mgcif ueojpp qj walol C kjciqlt pqoref
hl up u pjvlolcbi pcbi qauq pal qjj uq gupq puw, drpq up cq euooclt hy
jwi lylp koleckcquqlgy qj qal eacgt. Qal olvlguqcji qali js qal huiilo
ci wacea Sgjou wup ussleqlt pquoqglt hl, ci qorqa, suo hjol qaui cq
wjrgt auvl tjil qj scit alo ugpj hlolgy ubcquqlt, sjo tcoleq tcphuy wup
js ejropl ijq wauq C aut lxkleqlt. Kolkuolt uit ji alo bruot up jro
kroprcq aut ueqruggy hutl alo, pal wjrgt olkolpp lvloy mlqouyug; uit C
wup qalolsjol paufli, ji qal pkjq, my hy scopq bgchkpl js qal
