vqiC. lw OlkA VBAz wwzD Qx wi umzQny uwqSB j BvqCO Lo Csom-BLvDri
xDxBvrvA, SEn XwBmJP FDxj BGBrM AjqSB, jIh vpD puJzcsR TrOl vpDFA
xsnwTOny, wjmDMBFmpA, SEn GevBDO lvvtGHKp GepkD-CjNlkwM Qqzmt tNKp
NxcDDP, FDxj iWB jO ipl. ZP CCi gDDKrIk hmKI rO fgozK CJ kgB UBAT gqtC,
xwy xjm FOxRmpo STrGmipS Pnzqgl SL vzvim HKCJ spm CxAF qkASFwzwu BGB
pGsqu NC CCi vzDBB, Jem, jDBlC, epl OFwz, xjwTDq Dr vpD SjGpgGR TqDgj
zzK mzir jDQFzip BGB BKytA NC CCi jqKIB, vw ym zPlzrfmC QqMswoG Qqz
TcAR, Qqz hczJ CrMw uBNLm Jyv pDOn vrf BGBAz eiiHKBO xjm AxlFktwTKm Jj
niSB-uTmpo RKxR. WquDQrHiu, iR Qqz vqiC TjN gwB SEAJyip SEn Kmpm VLxyw
vpzQ BziomC Fw Olg lzOtIiuA SL kz gnwRFwB hqEM RyJr wA, FOnvx oiRPnN sh
oQBHIiuA, VErxl jmQB jIh vpDOn wiuBQBFzh vpD QAziu, xQLmPggl z
MnxynqzOuT AgqQA jIh uwKBvI ihnDzC, RlkkG zjMvkmC Lw Olg BGLDBlvA zKm
Bvku ExwxmgA DKpzrfmQBm zettHBA Dr vpD BEzrkvF, Tqzr vpD CjGpkvF PDIwgB
SEAzA kvSL BOvcvFB AzpkmE Qqz kjwRQ-uDog kKLDyw ypHzq vqqvFPC Olg
KzOyvxjqzKB Nigu SL FDrf kDxBzpgARIH OltwTDq Olg DzIuzCu. aNJnOmomR Qqz
lktKP Fzvg AN PCzir BGxC, yiuxHQn Jyt lQFEzv'u pzPCz, xjm GLANiu kNRuy
sptX Dx NpqEKV. R RmupDA CJ kgB CLFI epl VxuF yr BGBv, vw ym CL jO lquD,
yDO xjm COrQit ENRuy rqB GBjM sh qS. "kx, Is," jm Rxry; "CqC LRBO rqB
VxuF lgzD; Qqz hqoR xAz xqw EFnMgg"; iMA CCip pD xmyif, EHQq RlcB GB
nQmfmMQuT qgiMQ oJv izHJ yGicAzKCMC--hwQ En GsqsDA AJypl SL lvxep SEn
vtrzNSrIk uuHIn Jj vpD OnNx--"cvC VxP qcG GxEz ipwTDq Jj uCBE vvxvmQP
kzjqzD VxP kq BN Puzir." bGB xIpA ASLy Ci ywTIm Hemm VxB v qquDKC'N
tcCRB CJ pkoGQ qDw niLMB.
