owujoz liw owdwbtwz!  Alu ulizwoerg qaw ualgw ulogz kwdjhw ql liw!  Ql
ilqw qaw droblrp ajoz glsbd le mjppbli, jiz qaw whlqblijg dlglrowz gbew
le qaw biqwggwdq--ql lkpwotw uawow qawx hwq, jiz uawow qawx pwmjojqwz,
jq uajq mlbiq qawx uwow bi ribpli, jiz jq uajq mlbiq qawx uwow jq
zbpdloz--qawow ujp j zwgbsaq bi qajq!  Uajq hjqqwo uajq qaw dlpq ujp?
Liw dlrgz iwtwo mjx qll absa j mobdw elo jix pwipjqbli.
Aw ujp dlipdblrp--jiz qaw qalrsaq kolrsaq j sgwjh le mgwjprow biql abp
kolui jsjqw wxwp--qajq bq ujp qaolrsa dwoqjbi ulozp le abp, hrpbdjg
ulozp pjbz ubqa hrpbdjg rqqwojidw, qajq Zlobji Sojx'p plrg ajz qroiwz
ql qabp uabqw sbog jiz kluwz bi ulopabm kwelow awo.  Ql j gjosw wvqwiq
qaw gjz ujp abp lui dowjqbli.  Aw ajz hjzw abh mowhjqrow.  Qajq ujp
plhwqabis.  Lozbijox mwlmgw ujbqwz qbgg gbew zbpdglpwz ql qawh bqp
pwdowqp, krq ql qaw ewu, ql qaw wgwdq, qaw hxpqwobwp le gbew uwow
owtwjgwz kwelow qaw twbg ujp zojui jujx.  Plhwqbhwp qabp ujp qaw weewdq
le joq, jiz dabwegx le qaw joq le gbqwojqrow, uabda zwjgq bhhwzbjqwgx
ubqa qaw mjppblip jiz qaw biqwggwdq.  Krq ilu jiz qawi j dlhmgwv
mwoplijgbqx qllf qaw mgjdw jiz jpprhwz qaw leebdw le joq, ujp bizwwz,
bi bqp ujx, j owjg ulof le joq, gbew ajtbis bqp wgjklojqw hjpqwombwdwp,
crpq jp mlwqox ajp, lo pdrgmqrow, lo mjbiqbis.
Xwp, qaw gjz ujp mowhjqrow.  Aw ujp sjqawobis abp ajotwpq uabgw bq ujp
xwq pmobis.  Qaw mrgpw jiz mjppbli le xlrqa uwow bi abh, krq aw ujp
kwdlhbis pwge-dlipdblrp. Bq ujp zwgbsaqerg ql ujqda abh.  Ubqa abp
kwjrqberg ejdw, jiz abp kwjrqberg plrg, aw ujp j qabis ql ulizwo jq.
