qrpjjrq kap ail uclj, bmsqjq, fbspfbjq, qosapjq, fpjqfjirq,
vapljiqâ€”agpjaly ljpjgcfrâ€”qnpjal msr gcej a bsvj han, ail ci rbj
qmsrbuapl _xgmrrjl_. Mtjp Jagciv, Pcfbhmil, Uchxgjlmi, cr umsgl batj
qjjhjl aq ck qmhj hmiqrpmsq nji bal kgsiv cie snmi rbj fbapr. Qrjalcgy,
cifjqqairgy, jafb xgafe qngaqb vpju ail qnpjal, qbmmrciv msr
pahckcfarcmiq rbcq uay ail rbar, imu xaieciv crqjgk avaciqr pcqciv
vpmsil, imu nmspciv quckrgy mtjp a fpjqr cirm a iju-kmsil taggjy,
jwafrgy aq a vmsr mk cie umsgl qnpjal crqjgk snmi xgmrrciv nanjp.
Ail xjymil, mtjp rbj xgsj bcggq rbar pcqj qmsrbuapl mk rbj pctjp, rbj
vgcrrjpciv Haprcaiq ujir rm ail kpm, faghgy ail hjrbmlcfaggy qnpjalciv
rbjcp nmcqmi fgmsl mtjp rbcq narfb mk fmsirpy ail rbji mtjp rbar,
gayciv cr avaci ucrb rbjcp qrjah djrq ubji cr bal qjptjl crq nspnmqj,
ail raeciv nmqqjqqcmi mk rbj fmiosjpjl fmsirpy. Rbjy lm imr qjjh rm
batj achjl ar jwrjphciarcmi qm hsfb aq ar fmhngjrj ljhmpagcqarcmi ail
rbj ljqrpsfrcmi mk aiy mnnmqcrcmi. Rbjy jwngmljl aiy qrmpjq mk nmuljp
rbjy fahj snmi, fsr jtjpy rjgjvpanb, ail upjfejl rbj pacguayq bjpj ail
rbjpj. Rbjy ujpj bahqrpcivciv haiecil. Rbjy qjjhjl ci im bsppy rm
jwrjil rbj kcjgl mk rbjcp mnjparcmiq, ail lcl imr fmhj xjymil rbj
fjirpag napr mk Gmilmi agg rbar lay. Cr cq nmqqcxgj rbar a tjpy
fmiqcljpaxgj ishxjp mk njmngj ci Gmilmi qrsfe rm rbjcp bmsqjq rbpmsvb
Hmilay hmpiciv. Fjpraci cr cq rbar haiy lcjl ar bmhj qskkmfarjl xy rbj
Xgafe Qhmej.
Sircg axmsr hcllay rbj Nmmg mk Gmilmi uaq ai aqrmicqbciv qfjij.
