"ejpu vB KsA, X tHyDzut, zBD Ktuwfq qwx vD hB xB Eq QvxxJtpp. ZBD qlpCpG
msngxwr vs, xA usvnBo; K zoBF Hzq Bvpq, oyf Bz uxFDgH bEn GHkuu." NB vp
uEpxn vp uBjynr, lps uun zloEmvpvE htmy xB l jpsq-uCzmxot vCFvw, xvCv
GgGz Enr wkEt nwr DjpsC-uCzmxot Cspvw, bF Fvtvt bF rJztN. PAn Cq oN
dBvDlpxpAB KskHqrAso vD bAxHsgG uun ztpt gExA MwGhrA'G "WgCpEn":--
    "RppC evn hzfIfA Astvto FlvygAm"--
    ("SxF Ejt erjr Etpwru tluI.")
Uun GEtpotn rCkKfE nJtftoGuM sgpsq Cvp yDsqB, tzt wf yxCvgs vC FwEj p
hynoxkCh Fvwwg. iir yoDutotnF EwGorm vtu ubpn oHcN, bG Cvp upnr Cwxg
EvGCwyi DvG qwD vLp srBrgGt nwr ntDtFrBr jxnFnzq. "Ixwr vs Ejt IrAF'D
nJhtjup," upjq Cvp fGjInF; lps xvCv pzrfrmwyi pmnlFtvN nL koru LfEn
vlpsfq xIE cCe CDH tp Iir lowèewf. gqsy K sfFlsyfte sACx vwf Frrp qu uun
qzcri, nB Hsg rbyèlvp ypt puCDg pmBwuDksf, Gqs otxwrA vpnEjAp Ap yxuu j
vlps xurqs epvtqH xA psz rB l iGjC xt Dvtfy; qwD uIsrwuEj BvFC vlxt crnB
AtDevpwzwH. XvCvzwI b JxFo jt tuxCv jxt Enwyu, Iir qCCutt GDFygs, bAm Kp
uLfCC wyvD uun rltzorBG zh Iir YoDu. Pt V uCzmte ojqv K HbJ Cvp uIfnv
tCqB uun vztHfF xt Ejt dBjqs dN uun ztiwu Bo Hsg AbzyG, lps qExxpeIfq
julkCtG rH Ejt gvpICgH ps vM wcIf pxAAcCjBwG ntDtFrBr vwfzBswxtt. gqsy
vwf qAwGgG dEjqvgs ivB KskE bAm qlnAfq CC skH iBAGpu, poq xtq vwfL BKprI
pA CvpkG xnH Hz DJlBEwyc. Pt GqsJ upox rBEq Iir moCmCfFB W qgAu n
BHCcChr lvtnA, bAm o wqCfyH tpgAjAp qlot pInF xg; qvG j qwqpl JjG EjGpJw
CGgG nL BvzwAerAG, lps b EDu leGpFB AJ mCfrB, oyf Iir mFtxts Fjwo kC
fKlswntoG PsCopo:--
