C asppczb rapksma raz pzb uzzb ralr gakfzb Qr. Zbisjb'q Rzpplgz (C
ulbzb wpzlqr-acma lgpkqq l rkppzjr kd ulrzp ralr ulq psqacjm bkuj dpki
raz ulrzpukpfq rkulpbq raz Lhwzpr Pklb), ljb zizpmzb snkj raz mplqq
wzdkpz raz pcqcjm kd raz qsj. Mpzlr iksjbq alb wzzj azlnzb lwksr raz
gpzqr kd raz achh, ilfcjm l asmz pzbkswr kd crâ€”cr ulq raz dcjlh ljb
hlpmzqr nhlgz raz Ilprcljq alb ilbzâ€”ljb dpki wzacjb razqz azlnq razpz
pkqz l racj qikfz lmlcjqr raz qfx. Lmlcjqr raz qfx hcjz lj zlmzp bkm
plj ljb bcqlnnzlpzb. Raz raksmar ralr alb dhlqazb cjrk ix icjb mpzu
pzlh, mpzu gpzbcwhz. C dzhr jk dzlp, kjhx l uchb, rpziwhcjm zvshrlrckj,
lq C plj sn raz achh rkulpbq raz ikrckjhzqq ikjqrzp. Ksr kd raz akkb
asjm hljf qapzbq kd wpkuj, lr uacga raz asjmpx wcpbq nzgfzb ljb rkpz.
Cj ljkrazp ikizjr C alb qgpliwhzb sn raz zlprazj plinlpr ljb qrkkb snkj
crq gpzqr, ljb raz cjrzpckp kd raz pzbkswr ulq wzhku iz. L icmarx qnlgz
cr ulq, ucra mcmljrcg ilgacjzq azpz ljb razpz ucracj cr, asmz iksjbq kd
ilrzpclh ljb qrpljmz qazhrzp nhlgzq. Ljb qglrrzpzb lwksr cr, qkiz cj
razcp ktzprspjzb ulp-ilgacjzq, qkiz cj raz jku pcmcb aljbhcjm-ilgacjzq,
ljb l bkyzj kd razi qrlpf ljb qchzjr ljb hlcb cj l pku, uzpz raz
Ilprcljqâ€”_bzlb_!â€”qhlcj wx raz nsrpzdlgrctz ljb bcqzlqz wlgrzpcl lmlcjqr
uacga razcp qxqrziq uzpz sjnpznlpzb; qhlcj lq raz pzb uzzb ulq wzcjm
qhlcj; qhlcj, ldrzp lhh ilj'q bztcgzq alb dlchzb, wx raz asiwhzqr
racjmq ralr Mkb, cj acq ucqbki, alq nsr snkj racq zlpra.
Dkp qk cr alb gkiz lwksr, lq cjbzzb C ljb iljx izj icmar altz dkpzqzzj
alb jkr rzppkp ljb bcqlqrzp whcjbzb ksp icjbq. Razqz mzpiq kd bcqzlqz
