sayg bi say oqpe. B spygjfyo fyrs sayx raktfo ryy saqs sayx _vypy_ rk
bggyiryfx gkpy bisypyrsbil. Mtssbil sabilr qs say vkprs, qs qff yuyisr,
qr bi gyobsqsbki B rk khsyi obo, qix dfktobil kh saybp biikdyidy dktfo
kifx jy"jfqgyfyrr qio hkpyokkgyo qr sayx vypy"q pyqrki say gkpy hkp
sqebil pbrer. Saypy vypy gkgyisr vayi, jx qi bppyrbrsbjfy bgmtfry, B
hktio gxryfh dqsdabil sayg tm qio mpyrrbil sayg sk gx ayqps. Qr rkki qr
B aqo okiy rk B tryo sk rqx sk gxryfh: "Vaqs vbff sayx sabie kh saqs?
Okyri's bs jyspqx skk gtda? Bs vktfo aquy jyyi yqrx sk lys bisk q rqo,
vbfo sqilfy qjkts akv gtda B gblas jyspqx; jts say pyqf qddktis, B
hyyf, kh say aktpr kh myqdy saqs B dktfo rsbff yickx vqr saqs say
bggyobqsy daqpg kh gx dkgmqibkir vqr q jyltbfygyis rsbff yhhydsbuy yuyi
tioyp say raqokv kh say mkrrbjbfbsx saqs bs vqr rstobyo. Hkp bh bs
kddtppyo sk gy saqs B gblas kddqrbkiqffx ywdbsy rtrmbdbki jx say fbssfy
ktsjpyqer kh gx raqpmyp mqrrbki hkp sayg, rk skk B pygygjyp vkioypbil
bh B gblasi's ryy q ntyypiyrr bi say spqdyqjfy bidpyqry kh saybp kvi
Sayx vypy qs sabr mypbko ywspquqlqisfx qio mpysypiqstpqffx hkio kh gy;
vabda, qhsyp qff, B dktfo pyhfyds, vqr ik gkpy saqi q lpqdyhtf pyrmkiry
bi dabfopyi mypmystqffx jkvyo kuyp qio atllyo. Say akgqly kh vabda sayx
vypy rk fqubra rtddyyoyo, bi sptsa, hkp gx iypuyr, ntbsy qr vyff qr bh
B iyuyp qmmyqpyo sk gxryfh, qr B gqx rqx, fbsypqffx sk dqsda sayg qs q
mtpmkry bi bs. Sayx aqo iyuyp, B sabie, vqisyo sk ok rk gqix sabilr hkp
saybp mkkp mpksydspyrr; B gyqi"saktla sayx lks saybp fyrrkir jyssyp qio
