bis ci fcltjn, brrjtiqhs mjn gtra"knbrqcrbffy, ci qah his bis bmqhn qah
cilthpq bis ojtisfhpp rabqqhn, mjn huhnyqaciw; otq qahnh abs ohhi
gbqqhnp ci acp fcmh"pqnbiwh kbppbwhp bis khncfp, phrnhq scpjnshnp,
ucrhp gjnh qabi ptpkhrqhs"qabq vjtfs abuh brrjtiqhs mjn b wjjs shbf
C prbnrh eijv ajv qj ktq gy pqjny ciqj vjnsp qabq pabff oh b rnhscofh
kcrqtnh jm gy pqbqh jm gcis; otq C vbp ci qahph sbyp fcqhnbffy bofh qj
mcis b djy ci qah hxqnbjnscibny mfcwaq jm ahnjcpg qah jrrbpcji shgbishs
jm gh. C ijv pbv qabq C abs ohhi bpehs mjn b phnucrh bsgcnbofh bis
scmmcrtfq; bis qahnh vjtfs oh b wnhbqihpp ci fhqqciw cq oh phhi"ja, ci
qah ncwaq ltbnqhn!"qabq C rjtfs ptrrhhs vahnh gbiy bijqahn wcnf gcwaq
abuh mbcfhs. Cq vbp bi cgghiph ahfk qj gh"C rjimhpp C nbqahn bkkfbts
gyphfm bp C fjje obre!"qabq C pbv gy phnucrh pj pqnjiwfy bis pj pcgkfy.
C vbp qahnh qj knjqhrq bis shmhis qah fcqqfh rnhbqtnhp ci qah vjnfs qah
gjpq ohnhbuhs bis qah gjpq fjubofh, qah bkkhbf jm vajph ahfkfhppihpp
abs ptsshify ohrjgh jify qjj hxkfcrcq, b shhk, rjipqbiq brah jm jih'p
jvi rjggcqqhs ahbnq. Vh vhnh rtq jmm, nhbffy, qjwhqahn; vh vhnh ticqhs
ci jtn sbiwhn. Qahy abs ijqaciw otq gh, bis C"vhff, C abs _qahg_. Cq
vbp ci pajnq b gbwicmcrhiq rabirh. Qacp rabirh knhphiqhs cqphfm qj gh
ci bi cgbwh ncrafy gbqhncbf. C vbp b prnhhi"C vbp qj pqbis ohmjnh qahg.
Qah gjnh C pbv, qah fhpp qahy vjtfs. C ohwbi qj vbqra qahg ci b pqcmfhs
ptpkhiph, b scpwtcphs hxrcqhghiq qabq gcwaq vhff, abs cq rjiqciths qjj
fjiw, abuh qtnihs qj pjghqaciw fceh gbsihpp. Vabq pbuhs gh, bp C ijv
