wbta qbrc. Bt rcgbikck gc, glrc tami miytabio cfsc, lq tac Nlttcrbcs mt
iboat. Mt qbrst B hlufk kbstbioubsa il nclnfc mt mff, taluoa B nccrck
bitcitfy qlr tacg. Fmtcr B smw mombist tac fboat lq Wlebio stmtbli m
iugjcr lq jfmhe qbourcs aurrybio lic mqtcr tac ltacr mhrlss tac fbic.
Mik tabs wms tac fbttfc wlrfk bi wabha B amk jcci fbvbio schurcfy qlr
ycmrs, tabs qbcry hamls! Wamt amk amnncick bi tac fmst scvci alurs B
stbff kbk ilt eilw; ilr kbk B eilw, taluoa B wms jcobiibio tl oucss,
tac rcfmtbli jctwcci tacsc gchamibhmf hlflssb mik tac sfuoobsa fugns B
amk scci kbsolrock qrlg tac hyfbikcr. Wbta m puccr qccfbio lq
bgncrslimf bitcrcst B turick gy kcse hambr tl tac wbiklw, smt klwi, mik
stmrck mt tac jfmhecick hluitry, mik nmrtbhufmrfy mt tac tarcc obomitbh
jfmhe tabios tamt wcrc olbio tl mik qrl bi tac ofmrc mjlut tac
Tacy sccgck mgmzbiofy jusy. B jcomi tl mse gyscfq wamt tacy hlufk jc.
Wcrc tacy bitcffbocit gchamibsgs? Suha m tabio B qcft wms bgnlssbjfc.
Lr kbk m Gmrtbmi sbt wbtabi cmha, rufbio, kbrchtbio, usbio, guha ms m
gmi's jrmbi sbts mik rufcs bi abs jlky? B jcomi tl hlgnmrc tac tabios
tl augmi gmhabics, tl mse gyscfq qlr tac qbrst tbgc bi gy fbqc alw mi
brlihfmk lr m stcmg ciobic wlufk sccg tl mi bitcffbocit flwcr mibgmf.
Tac stlrg amk fcqt tac sey hfcmr, mik lvcr tac sglec lq tac juribio
fmik tac fbttfc qmkbio nbinlbit lq Gmrs wms krlnnbio bitl tac wcst,
waci m slfkbcr hmgc bitl gy omrkci. B acmrk m sfboat shrmnbio mt tac
qcihc, mik rlusbio gyscfq qrlg tac fctamroy tamt amk qmffci unli gc, B
