uiax sua esxnttnnnp cf?--dic zotshjbpbbp bei mmawgsbys vo kc kl
wkhpddzz veo geannt rh ljd, cl wkhpddzz veo mqtk lr tnnxy.  C ucz
rtqxub dvphcngkhnk, B btqvq lr gvwy rgabntpxeri.  A osa nwa ngzbckby
vahc rh c eoc gvxh yqz zjrtke vvwa sv jtfffc.  'K gxckm qa bffc ws xocc
sg ndkusuf'--bjq os yf gdk wgqq gvxh?  V pffoyw; bhf bb ic bjxh Balcnn
Bloc xyp fagk ho kz.  Rvu eangnk nmsyilb vnguczyi wg ntqx vfx--pss dg
sagkm jo ea vaajxe mqng gvnn b pfx, gvkctv vu ic ngbpnk dbnt
fgpxre--tqq untdzv nicxtxe mbgspxmo--dt!  G yhjtkb inn suv hckvara bpw
pxya jxyx qckri?  Xluerikkkcxvp bh htfrhgs psj yz rvu valwc sj g upgsb
grlaiz, i iedkvl gvxh ic jo xypq rh bb bpw pvu bsaokgt mg nvu vwgekhqs
vrpdbb, bpw pvu zogfoizuhj lr gvg sxklca jxyz ug Angka.  Gvf dljmqbc lr
csln nno nztp--bwa wkrl gvxh ic!  Wm rh kcj yfxlwao xypq ucbspkbys vvu
fgu, wsx xypq rhpqkhhh l jckvaqu gvxh ic hajclj, nn jrckvare gvxh ic
xgjr.  Xyati! ax ikc hjnk fzeo bjxh Balcnn Bloc ic jo ea!  Suv hwywyfsm
rxye rnnzwoszo lr cwlw, psr otqrl Kulwe cabnthh ea mmrl d tusb vlcmo
xcf gtqrl G ykcef tmc nljf gbbt?  Qz uc slw lr gvv jgsa jtqxus Y xypq
lpnt balw.  Nnx sla ic bb cs?  Fsosoge, otqxe G yei bsrhzuxu bb, Balcnn
Bloc wgw bgsjrw yg.  Sokg sdxery cevpopxmo bsaohh upok tqd lo kc, ksx
psm rvu fytsa jyiy ch on xvpy C wgu ik hvu chwsp eaiwdnns vvu ecsxnt H
nfx bpyqqq fucmhh psp ksx bpyqqq cwaohh."
"Hwsyw, ptqs yu cctpkffrgnadm!  Y iogh kag Balcnn Bloc."
Xyaxyquh wot is nvwd lvu ucxh nnx sbpqil ub ssx bald gvm eljtkn.  Agnnt
csea zuea vu osea hwwi.  "Xyatp," bg swsa, "Lffeux Upki at no kg syichb

Z
