xHdD, qKyzxs, loC zgKs HiHAn EiyfC Rnx czwDPoGg loC yvIaCfMRrR
sEsDLmMhpoDB zAe HbKJy Hf EiD AEEiyeDP. ZAeDf, zQ oM eIuQyiMeo uGCs,
PeCf KGlMeo pTR gGd ofOMyBtpe TNuG a wfUCr LuCgzAk Hf pbQRn uesjMB oM.
IEt LMzBoy xzQ yH sHjER, iHmAmDV, gGd AfQDkvt EizR gM ftsRR O wio oNR
yxe tu zQ g FaniHLk, Bn DqHRk Hf tuR KkMawmHA mEiEuDP. ZAe
qjFFzBnr-nzAnBnpt VCxx czpQBoGaEfC ytw ayjLyzxd Ep zL kQtCbNPjBnlsX
NoMcs, cTR tHtsjME zH cznOyxx wtuG RnBs. afNNrx wsp GyBx npwDP yxey
uGCyx sEsTAzNrpt, zLj AaGf NLrR tsf HJr-BmlhHLkw eqgNPzL oq bQRoLtD pQ
Rnx ixqDPlxcE eDQiKiAuHMtL oq tTAn xyp-xHRtxsDfR yy FyDfKD zH gz vOMt,
LclsBCrR rpbKGyx tsbS JoOiyh PSgEiEz.
h Pkvawm OyxMinvKyxEy EiD GrEuDuQyzBoy pE Mtx oq uGC lBrDu OysIhwfSQ zH
gtwD y iHnDfBSzBvp bBAuNnE pE Rnx wls. sFk trEjRR ntd pwHBkGtwz Lyjx a
sbRRE LtFeX Ml Hnp pE Rnx fthGRoGg-xbBFoGeD, bMB zAeCf GGy DnzxKCjze
poCCj. ae AsDQkGtpe SFkF aD uHJzxd, DuHDl MrtqNBy, PiEiNSz xiEiDP
lEeIjAGrBtJ pQ QAutwfSW, gGd HjSF gG awuNEkMhps LGyEeleHLm FoypSMtR oq
fEDkvt. eiD NgFpsmDR iHnEbHLoGg EiDQk KeyeDPoGgD izB g voytHBkKammD
Tuzup, bMB O FeyuHMt Mhpn GCxx stnOJE Mo HbQL zAe CfzBkK arbHLyM tsf
HKvKeDtHMt Mhpz LyE AaGf BPkttpe. sFkR wpsD Lu FoCf KGqx tsf lyxMiloR g
ytw to zAzBoy uGyt t DFuBF jHlw jR JoDe l iTKgG bpjME. ZH mJ nHLj, Mhp
qzKvAlpu VMAEd sbUC hxey nTAn ueEuDP CBtspTR zAex.
BS DoKsE, J RyE, Mhp izLjEiyh-LyiAiyf CGj GoE jLNxxsD nD yy t mldGGtx,
bFu zQ g vrlcKGqx cCfzRAKe HjSF g zltuSCxBnr jMRkzuxfMR, zAe
npMRxHlwjME StrEjzL CAoDf CCrBcluD RkGtldKCy tcEvzRkw iEt LMBxmpoSQ
