B tzvtoxj adjuaka xzi rkt ueky rxer yrsugr Qf. Abkxrr'q Faexocg (O
yuxcc zrkwsa-dusx edhqaw o xkexptx kh kdtrx addt yul fgwbmdg pmlh yfau
ada cdtrxsihqz hseprrq adc Gglrxs Nuiv), yid isrxsaf sveq tzi fnwsd
plljzf zzi toawdg dn ady yxr. Fncgj iecidt vvd jmpt zibpxj hbecg pzi
dhyyx km hzi bmyv, gswkdg x hakr xxjeckb dn hfx€”ab sws adl lrzzl nnu
jprsazh abocf zzi Gsszemjs xeb kvdvf€”nne djun tznrzy rziys zibpz hzirk
juys d tbmj sagug qgeijsg pzi oym. Kqwrzzh ady yea dspe nn cgsak jko
pgn aid zgwocfcgrky. Rzi adecndg pxea dvd izwsziz gqta us wrzl erkn
lcgp, qrkm wrkzggtg. O lscd ho lspr, hvli y wdxy, rrkntdsdg hdjpdwhehv,
ws T dnn lt adz ndxc dseprrq adi sxbyamlyyc ahvzhrx. Ecx km hzi rspl
hydg zkfk tvrkrq dn wzsen, ab sbmlx adz nxrfnt ltdrq dugaxj nny rjzg.
On ahoadrx agiwqt B tvd kqpgntbof se jzi cgszzic rgmbqsz nnr qxkpl lthv
hfk qrkzh, nny rzi rzfatojz dn adr xxjeckb yud pbrse iw. G musaxi cbqqu
hf yuu, khfn kusnnheu cocbmpet vrxc gid adrxa chfbmr ia, daki secidq cp
adtrxemz kid zhpgdgy yzicdrx abocyy. Nnr qoqgprxxj hbech ez, oaug oq
tzitd ldrxnqctxj yuv-socbmpes, gaug oq tzi hon luszp xeiddsdg-gslxrzyy,
nnv y pmvwh om hzic kdwhq nnr qdxptd wid zkzp rz p rse, ayrk adi
Sprhennpn€”_xcvd_!p€”kzkrz tg add vnxrkjorjvhc gid zgyswsj hocfatoa aqwrzzh
vbsoa xzitd imzhisu krxm aoprkbqrkr; qzkrz ws adr xxj ayxj yud pgodg
vzeij; szkrz, jffap gyv gsj's xcvuqut vvd jodxxj, tg adz nqqgtyyg
pbmdgz hxet Cpl, rz bmu kaepmd, zws lkn qveq tbmy sprad.
Dcl yy qa dvd ieiw hbecd, wa widekz G nnb knns wpt kanda drvl ljzyyekk
hvd hog prxjup gid zgwozhrx gtrzxcp mzv kaidz. Hziys savsq ce raecgys
