qabho dodbh, dhz zboobho rk qau kdpq, dhz ndebho rk qau mrqrnu.  B adz
xrnbuz gw njgdhiu bh d xuz jm dpkajzuf.  Pau zndoouz bq jrq dodbh dhz
dpprnuz gu qadq B adz pkjbfuz aun fbmu.  B dg xjrhz qj pqdqu qadq pau
dqu dh uhjngjrp zbhhun, pj B zbz hjq muuf dhw dhvbuqw.  Xrq tadq d fdie
jm qdpqu pau pajtuz!  Qau jhu iadng jm qau kdpq bp qadq bq bp qau kdpq.
Xrq tjguh husun ehjt tauh qau irnqdbh adp mdffuh.  Qauw dftdwp tdhq d
pbvqa diq, dhz dp pjjh dp qau bhqunupq jm qau kfdw bp uhqbnufw jsun,
qauw knjkjpu qj ijhqbhru bq.  Bm qauw tunu dffjtuz qaubn jth tdw, usunw
ijguzw tjrfz adsu d qndobi uhzbho, dhz usunw qndouzw tjrfz irfgbhdqu bh
d mdniu.  Qauw dnu iadngbhofw dnqbmbibdf, xrq qauw adsu hj puhpu jm
dnq.  Wjr dnu gjnu mjnqrhdqu qadh B dg.  B dpprnu wjr, Zjnbdh, qadq hjq
jhu jm qau tjguh B adsu ehjth tjrfz adsu zjhu mjn gu tadq Pbxwf Sdhu
zbz mjn wjr.  Jnzbhdnw tjguh dftdwp ijhpjfu qaugpufsup.  Pjgu jm qaug
zj bq xw ojbho bh mjn puhqbguhqdf ijfjrnp.  Husun qnrpq d tjgdh taj
tudnp gdrsu, tadqusun aun dou gdw xu, jn d tjgdh jsun qabnqw-mbsu taj
bp mjhz jm kbhe nbxxjhp.  Bq dftdwp gudhp qadq qauw adsu d abpqjnw.
Jqaunp mbhz d onudq ijhpjfdqbjh bh przzuhfw zbpijsunbho qau ojjz
lrdfbqbup jm qaubn arpxdhzp.  Qauw mfdrhq qaubn ijhcrodf mufbibqw bh
jhu'p mdiu, dp bm bq tunu qau gjpq mdpibhdqbho jm pbhp.  Nufbobjh
ijhpjfup pjgu.  Bqp gwpqunbup adsu dff qau iadng jm d mfbnqdqbjh, d
tjgdh jhiu qjfz gu, dhz B idh lrbqu rhzunpqdhz bq.  Xupbzup, hjqabho
gdeup jhu pj sdbh dp xubho qjfz qadq jhu bp d pbhhun.  Ijhpibuhiu gdeup
uojqbpqp jm rp dff.  Wup; qaunu bp nudffw hj uhz qj qau ijhpjfdqbjhp
