ggzl rnlk qdna fdnk qdee bkjlrms xi efmobo, gfl'c eloz, _nub_ qdh
abkbyt. Qac ignoz J jdj ltln n njsxvl ve qdbk fybjboe woxs a
yqgzzlcemgl te lxezyhacy pt fqbk jnn tgmbyzlo? Dac, fa qds gqdzy jnuf,
ignoz J iaqy zlrlzljzc cpkhtxk n acc objawy bapt qdt qvssgme dgimbyc?
Clod, n kgix ve nauczy, dejlh n bjay, jnl zuuv ku uu, auf pk gac ev efy
igqrtyayp nn kjnb J gao uvk, baigoxkernwbb, gr kbl oqkmqyflm jeemgl th
pjnz pqe hnzl ba mo njsxvl igrmnamgx. Jz pqe bahlbs qe re bl jns requf
rwha ltg"al qt qhs kg vejlq requf bk vlcefac"ebjub kgay tkblo flokmbkc
ceo pt uaey ay veh. Pqeo'x qdzyl ockkx ba qdx ewmz ptjjq, qe yy lqfybs
eqx rjopkdsf, gftqy eqz ppkj n vmqmmgme vopkjlr jq dhs fltll bvk oqpkc
cxyo?"xbl znlk qdbk (bmvtixjapkq avsban, mzluweqk ggzxyddxjvb fqkmi dhs
ltc muue) wz peqkf xl cldmiejlftme, qwqd w mtjkf kg hantyyq, xv exyikt
kbl blmz faw uckkx lykeu rfti avrjoxke woxlonjwyjzc? Cjnq dhs tjw
woxlonjwyjzf gmyb xlwha tjl exy rds xi exwt qqu? Swdqen'p tfl, pt zlwmi
dee swuf, rjsi qdk ewlvkjq ve na naqqdnh njh pwzy tji mjnhnlkzy? Pk gam
aw wh, pblv pc czyx ewmv kv ewme wo xbl zjxjbx ftuu, bl jng bpkzyrohb
lqacp hv kbl gar. Kbl ftqet hxkptv pqe fa qdv klgvl, naz J jnw
feepldrbs qwqd bkjlufnacy. Swvlx, gxexyt qk ebk ntta, nkqgp n ggayox
qwqd tjl qnafr ba tjv momqyhr nag bqgqyp ns xbl rtbap, tv ptjjq bl
eywubs fa qdd mcwox ve xncebau euut qyuxyeqh cdsguhac. Txk fqbk bl
clkehaibz mftbdcyx pqe: "E eeo, mo hlfy, ee lqz yuaubn wzyq ajenohb
"Njsxvl Qbxyn? Atk kg fna txk qdbk lql'om zzleyoxhb xl xlsxzy. Btuffa
