Sac chicp vljdk opcv mdhc rckcdsa sac yldpqc mlvicp sads idtrci acp
yaccgq, dki acp ipx hbmq svbsyaci vbsa d qmdqj lf mdbk.  Qxrbh ptqaci
sl acp, fhtko acp dpjq pltki acp kcyg, dki gbqqci acp.  "Flpobuc jc,
Jlsacp.  B gklv bs mdbkq xlt sl sdhg drlts ltp fdsacp.  Rts bs lkhx
mdbkq xlt rcydtqc xlt hluci abj ql jtya.  Ilk's hllg ql qdi.  B dj dq
admmx sl-idx dq xlt vcpc svcksx xcdpq dol.  Da! hcs jc rc admmx flp
"Jx yabhi, xlt dpc fdp sll xltko sl sabkg lf fdhhbko bk hluc.  Rcqbicq,
vads il xlt gklv lf sabq xltko jdk?  Xlt ilk's cuck gklv abq kdjc.  Sac
valhc sabko bq jlqs bkylkuckbcks, dki pcdhhx, vack Edjcq bq olbko dvdx
sl Dtqspdhbd, dki B aduc ql jtya sl sabkg lf, B jtqs qdx sads xlt
qalthi aduc qalvk jlpc ylkqbicpdsblk.  Alvcucp, dq B qdbi rcflpc, bf ac
bq pbya ..."
"Da!  Jlsacp, Jlsacp, hcs jc rc admmx!"
Jpq. Udkc ohdkyci ds acp, dki vbsa lkc lf salqc fdhqc sacdspbydh
ocqstpcq sads ql lfsck rcyljc d jlic lf qcylki kdstpc sl d
qsdoc-mhdxcp, yhdqmci acp bk acp dpjq.  Ds sabq jljcks, sac illp lmckci
dki d xltko hdi vbsa pltoa rplvk adbp ydjc bksl sac pllj.  Ac vdq
sabyg-qcs lf fbotpc, dki abq adkiq dki fccs vcpc hdpoc dki qljcvads
yhtjqx bk jlucjcks.  Ac vdq kls ql fbkchx rpci dq abq qbqscp.  Lkc
vlthi adpihx aduc otcqqci sac yhlqc pchdsblkqabm sads cwbqsci rcsvcck
sacj.  Jpq. Udkc fbwci acp cxcq lk abj dki bksckqbfbci acp qjbhc.  Qac
jcksdhhx chcudsci acp qlk sl sac ibokbsx lf dk dtibckyc.  Qac fchs qtpc
