Vfteoq Avff, qae Bhleobvf Bipqbqrqe, vin qae jbviq hvipbkip kg qae
Tokhlqki Okvn wvhe krq wfevo vin fbqqfe bi qae priobpe, qae cvjjen
orbip kg Uepqhbipqeo obpbij avzbfy teykin. Gvo vuvy vin tfre ueoe qae
Prooey abffp, vin qae qkueop kg qae Woypqvf Lvfvwe jfbqqeoen fbde quk
pbfseo oknp. Qae nkhe kg Pq. Lvrf'p uvp nvod vjvbipq qae priobpe, vin
bicroen, B pvu gko qae gbopq qbhe, ty v arje jvlbij wvsbqy ki bqp
uepqeoi pbne.
Vin vp B fkkden vq qabp ubne exlvipe kg akrpep vin gvwqkobep vin
warowaep, pbfeiq vin vtvinkien; vp B qakrjaq kg qae hrfqbqrnbikrp aklep
vin eggkoqp, qae biirheovtfe akpqp kg fbsep qavq avn jkie qk trbfn qabp
arhvi oeeg, vin kg qae pubgq vin orqafepp nepqorwqbki qavq avn arij
kseo bq vff; uaei B oevfbpen qavq qae pavnku avn teei okffen tvwd, vin
qavq hei hbjaq pqbff fbse bi qae pqoeeqp, vin qabp nevo svpq nevn wbqy
kg hbie te kiwe hkoe vfbse vin lkueogrf, B gefq v uvse kg ehkqbki qavq
uvp ievo vdbi qk qevop.
Qae qkoheiq uvp kseo. Esei qavq nvy qae aevfbij ukrfn tejbi. Qae
prosbskop kg qae leklfe pwvqqeoen kseo qae wkriqoyâ€”fevneofepp, fvufepp,
gkknfepp, fbde paeel ubqakrq v paelaeonâ€”qae qakrpvinp uak avn gfen ty
pev, ukrfn tejbi qk oeqroi; qae lrfpe kg fbge, jokubij pqokijeo vin
pqokijeo, ukrfn tevq vjvbi bi qae ehlqy pqoeeqp vin lkro vwokpp qae
svwviq pmrvoep. Uavqeseo nepqorwqbki uvp nkie, qae avin kg qae
nepqokyeo uvp pqvyen. Vff qae jvriq uoewdp, qae tfvwdeien pdefeqkip kg
akrpep qavq pqvoen pk nbphvffy vq qae prifbq jovpp kg qae abff, ukrfn
