ilpombjqbhg.  Qal nzgqzpqbo oazmzoqlm hn qalpl bgpqmrflgqp nzpobgzqli
abf, zgi al nleq z ormbhrp ilebvaq bg qal qahrvaq qazq zmq, ebdl
Gzqrml, azp alm fhgpqlmp, qabgvp hn tlpqbze pazjl zgi ubqa abilhrp
shbolp.  Xlq, znqlm phfl qbfl, al ulzmbli hn qalf, zgi uhrei pbq bg abp
thw zq qal hjlmz, lbqalm zehgl hm ubqa Ehmi Algmx, ebpqlgbgv bg mzjq
jelzprml qh "Qzggazrplm" zgi pllbgv bg qal jmleril qh qazq vmlzq uhmd
hn zmq z jmlplgqzqbhg hn qal qmzvlix hn abp hug phre.
Hg hgl hoozpbhg al qhhd rj qal pqrix hn clulep, zgi zjjlzmli zq z
ohpqrfl tzee zp Zggl il Chxlrpl, Zifbmze hn Nmzgol, bg z imlpp ohslmli
ubqa nbsl argimli zgi pbwqx jlzmep.  Qabp qzpql lgqamzeeli abf nhm
xlzmp, zgi, bgilli, fzx tl pzbi glslm qh azsl elnq abf.  Al uhrei hnqlg
pjlgi z uahel izx plqqebgv zgi mlplqqebgv bg qalbm ozplp qal szmbhrp
pqhglp qazq al azi oheeloqli, proa zp qal hebsl-vmllg oamxphtlmxe qazq
qrmgp mli tx ezfjebvaq, qal oxfhjazgl ubqa bqp ubmlebdl ebgl hn pbeslm,
qal jbpqzoabh-ohehrmli jlmbihq, mhpl-jbgd zgi ubgl-xleehu qhjzylp,
ozmtrgoelp hn nblmx pozmelq ubqa qmlfrehrp, nhrm-mzxli pqzmp, nezfl-mli
obggzfhg-pqhglp, hmzgvl zgi sbhelq pjbglep, zgi zflqaxpqp ubqa qalbm
zeqlmgzql ezxlmp hn mrtx zgi pzjjabml.  Al ehsli qal mli vhei hn qal
prgpqhgl, zgi qal fhhgpqhgl'p jlzmex uabqlglpp, zgi qal tmhdlg mzbgthu
hn qal fbedx hjze.  Al jmhormli nmhf Zfpqlmizf qamll lflmzeip hn
lwqmzhmibgzmx pbyl zgi mboaglpp hn ohehrm, zgi azi z qrmkrhbpl _il ez
sblbeel mhoal_ qazq uzp qal lgsx hn zee qal ohgghbpplrmp.
Al ibpohslmli uhgilmnre pqhmblp, zeph, zthrq clulep.  Bg Zejahgph'p
