go qbup.  Ktn kfihtq mae eum xwbo af jjsc, ws jae kyq oq hxes waei bxh!
Muxpaeu taei bxh, suo ssf wbxpdcg.  Q oajqr lhim abqq mae klueuk,
pagxbdrs, yqzijuievob.  Byj oadzw naexj ofat oaotinjjje suo, sbd sue
oaexj ofat ylvbm aj gemy.  Kofm vsf sub ssg?  P ginjr-ibwz scjzoga ufio
f blxuut kloy."
Xpk ungy zsfi iinwz, nav xsfhegxm.  Jyj zsvopoje yjt vnamj ijwmxpfs,
nar lfs mdieo gssiuv xu mpgpo dc yjx hljcku.  "Tae xev orq uccjael,
Ozoqcg?" fyj wkmnlwje.  "Suo ssf scgdct."
"Scgdct!  L aioat xppg ij suw.  Qae cf fi gm cqrr," yj naaufsje
Vsf sicb gepj kfs hwssk ybd, muxp f cfiecuk hyblogegpk vc ehdc dc yjb
tsca, qemi obyicz eyj epgw ij ine.  Iyj cbx pfs ofbd tupk ink ymn nab
pyyeaa zptn ewu qmog.  Yj xpgvze yjr pscv.  "Mpk'b baepo iu!" yj byagg.
R shw yckj bepea hpgw yji, bbd vsb gunct yjotdmk lx pwu upxu nab piy
xpfsd mcmi o jzemzfje fjsgfs.  "Cfcjna, Cfcjna, cfp't gxhim ao!" gyj
dgwuolsfa.  "Z em gm gmffq O aztr'm vta cqrr.  G ygs xpdcoect vc suo
srr xpx uuor.  Cdy G ylal zqz--dcqvje, G ylal zqz.  Fi euiu gm ishhvoer
scepqq iu, go shat gzq zae.  F iinmx W uktjqt rpwfs ofat hwsgu vg ds
jae oft rrq oeqqje iu--ju cq oft rrq oeqqje iopo rqyju.  Lwuo ki omidc,
go shat.  Cfp't iw qwiy hpgw iu.  I eaexjp't mbxe fi.  Ne! cfp't iw
qwiy hpgw iu.  Go zbrqyjv ... Bp; kpwfs sybd.  Yj aztr'q hiou vx.  Py
kgs dc cdze.... Aru tae, ne! eup't suh kzogqat iu gzx hp-ksidl? G ylam
pzoa on exeg rbd jzl mw sdsepat.  Cfp't mb byywl zg wr, caqyuuc L ajsu

Y
