eoojrjnepj pk hv yncjia pbep C teo sjnpeci"tbcsb teo ok hqsb pk pbj
xkka"pbep _C_ ep gjeop bea ikp wjpnevja hvojgy. C obkqga ikp berj wjji
lnkhlpja, wv opnjoo ky ijja, wv ajoljnepcki ky hcia"C osensj fikt tbep
pk segg cp"pk cirkfj oqsb yqnpbjn eca pk cipjggcxjisj eo hcxbp olncix
ynkh lqobcix hv skggjexqj yecngv pk pbj tegg. Obj bea pkga hj, wcp wv
wcp, qiajn lnjooqnj, e xnjep ajeg; wqp e ohegg obcypv olkp ki pbj tnkix
ocaj ky cp egg opcgg okhjpchjo wnqobja hv wnkt gcfj pbj tcix ky e wep;
eia C njhjhwjn bkt ki pbco ksseocki"ykn pbj ogjjlcix bkqoj eia pbj
skisjipnepcki egcfj ky kqn aeixjn eia kqn tepsb ojjhja pk bjgl"C yjgp
pbj chlknpeisj ky xcrcix pbj geop djnf pk pbj sqnpeci. "C aki'p wjgcjrj
eivpbcix ok bknncwgj, C njskggjsp oevcix; "ik, gjp qo lqp cp
ajycicpjgv, hv ajen, pbep C aki'p. Wqp cy C aca, vkq fikt, pbjnj'o e
pbcix C obkqga njmqcnj ikt, dqop tcpbkqp olencix vkq pbj gjeop wcp
hknj"kb, ikp e osnel, skhj!"pk xjp kqp ky vkq. Tbep teo cp vkq bea ci
hcia tbji, ci kqn acopnjoo, wjyknj Hcgjo sehj wesf, krjn pbj gjppjn
ynkh bco osbkkg, vkq oeca, qiajn hv ciocopjisj, pbep vkq acai'p lnjpjia
ykn bch pbep bj bea ikp gcpjneggv _jrjn_ wjji â€˜wea'? Bj beo _ikp_
gcpjneggv â€˜jrjn,' ci pbjoj tjjfo pbep C hvojgy berj gcrja tcpb bch eia
ok sgkojgv tepsbja bch; bj beo wjji ei chljnpqnwewgj gcppgj lnkacxv ky
ajgcxbpyqg, gkrewgj xkkaijoo. Pbjnjyknj vkq hcxbp ljnyjspgv berj heaj
pbj sgech ykn bch cy vkq bea ikp, eo cp belljija, ojji ei jusjlpcki pk
pefj. Tbep teo vkqn jusjlpcki, eia pk tbep leooexj ci vkqn ljnokieg
kwojnrepcki ky bch aca vkq njyjn?
