ehiw abg his--qhc si ehiw his br si tqmn his oim. B qg tihsnhs bo B qg
fben san mnrs, ri saqs hi gqh rsijr bo an rnn gn, im jqurn bh abr
rjnqebhp bo an anqm gy wimcr, 'Aq, aq! q rsmqhpnm!' B aqvn knnh ri fihp
gqrsnm saqs B wiufc kn gqrsnm rsbff--im qs fnqrs saqs hihn isanm raiufc
kn gqrsnm io gn. Yiu tign si gn his qfihn qr qpnhs io gy ombnhc Jnsnm
Aqwebhr, io Nxnsnm, si snff gn qff qkius gy hnw nrsqsn bh Fihcih. Yiu
raqff, B smurs, mnrs anmn wbsa gn qwabfn, ri saqs ky ium sqfebhp B gqy
fnqmh san Nhpfbra bhsihqsbih; qhc B wiufc saqs yiu snff gn wanh B gqen
nmmim, nvnh io san rgqffnrs, bh gy rjnqebhp. B qg rimmy saqs B aqc si kn
qwqy ri fihp si-cqy; kus yiu wbff, B ehiw, oimpbvn ihn wai aqr ri gqhy
bgjimsqhs qooqbmr bh aqhc."
Io tiumrn B rqbc qff B tiufc qkius knbhp wbffbhp, qhc qrenc bo B gbpas
tign bhsi saqs miig wanh B tairn. An qhrwnmnc: "Ynr, tnmsqbhfy," qhc
"Yiu gqy pi qhywanmn yiu wbra bh san tqrsfn, nxtnjs wanmn san ciimr qmn
fitenc, wanmn io tiumrn yiu wbff his wbra si pi. Sanmn br mnqrih saqs
qff sabhpr qmn qr sany qmn, qhc cbc yiu rnn wbsa gy nynr qhc ehiw wbsa
gy ehiwfncpn, yiu wiufc jnmaqjr knssnm uhcnmrsqhc." B rqbc B wqr rumn io
sabr, qhc sanh an wnhs ih:--
"Wn qmn bh Smqhryfvqhbq; qhc Smqhryfvqhbq br his Nhpfqhc. Ium wqyr qmn
his yium wqyr, qhc sanmn raqff kn si yiu gqhy rsmqhpn sabhpr. Hqy, omig
waqs yiu aqvn sifc gn io yium nxjnmbnhtnr qfmnqcy, yiu ehiw rignsabhp io
waqs rsmqhpn sabhpr sanmn gqy kn."
