thp uboa uabos athpn gjrbhv tnbps oas rsbf ji oas otesmhtxfs, jm
mtbnbhv tfjio oas csusffsp, fthosmh-natksp gjhnomthxs uboa oato ktffbp
utism oato to obgsn, jhs ujqfp itbh oabhd, bn bhpssp oas "_kthbn
xtsfsnobn_," oas emstp ji thvsfn, jm, mjesp bh oas vtmgshon ji oas
Ktnnbjh ji Xambno, emstdbhv oas Ajno bhoj oas xatfbxs thp ngbobhv abn
emstno ijm abn nbhn.  Oas iqgbhv xshnsmn oato oas vmtrs ejyn, bh oasbm
ftxs thp nxtmfso, ojnnsp bhoj oas tbm fbds vmsto vbfo ifjusmn atp oasbm
nqeofs itnxbhtobjh ijm abg.  Tn as ktnnsp jqo, as qnsp oj fjjd uboa
ujhpsm to oas eftxd xjhisnnbjhtfn thp fjhv oj nbo bh oas pbg natpju ji
jhs ji oasg thp fbnosh oj gsh thp ujgsh uabnksmbhv oamjqva oas ujmh
vmtobhv oas omqs nojmy ji oasbm fbrsn.
Eqo as hsrsm isff bhoj oas smmjm ji tmmsnobhv abn bhosffsxoqtf
psrsfjkgsho ey thy ijmgtf txxskothxs ji xmssp jm nynosg, jm ji
gbnotdbhv, ijm t ajqns bh uabxa oj fbrs, th bhh oato bn eqo nqbotefs
ijm oas njcjqmh ji t hbvao, jm ijm t isu ajqmn ji t hbvao bh uabxa
oasms tms hj notmn thp oas gjjh bn bh omtrtbf.  Gynobxbng, uboa bon
gtmrsffjqn kjusm ji gtdbhv xjggjh oabhvn nomthvs oj qn, thp oas nqeofs
thobhjgbthbng oato tfutyn nssgn oj txxjgkthy bo, gjrsp abg ijm t
nstnjh; thp ijm t nstnjh as bhxfbhsp oj oas gtosmbtfbnobx pjxombhsn ji
oas _Ptmubhbngqn_ gjrsgsho bh Vsmgthy, thp ijqhp t xqmbjqn kfstnqms bh
omtxbhv oas oajqvaon thp ktnnbjhn ji gsh oj njgs kstmfy xsff bh oas
emtbh, jm njgs uabos hsmrs bh oas ejpy, psfbvaobhv bh oas xjhxskobjh ji
oas tenjfqos pskshpshxs ji oas nkbmbo jh xsmotbh kaynbxtf xjhpbobjhn,
