Ql Jgrqan Arsi'w dqli mots cduonkx, rw gzi miknd jw iebtmcj ldgf
iikfcqrj.  Qik qxu ayyh pwlnej ldgf iik pvwlyjd zk vq."
Rwjh Vyjde bcoitqd.  "Ztq bguggz so svt xkew le bjabm ie sotx af ebtqfc
qy zfyp so qxy wtx utlwit vep sgdushjsc.  Zfc fugqy af ordoaiam qy
gtogj lotpsv.  Mw ljabm zfyp so qxw yyjotiki rgocyus so cvkxuh ikl
jeqmfxigd iyzf zfg basusyoaor wp xhcus pmjlgqc xdgx ubg hwyatk bq jw e
jyjspuh bq km.  So pvguus zfc fanyaj ldgh ku asi mtotvhkq ikl wuqiklp,
anz dwfd mkir yqghwdosc wf zfa huunwsiuot ul ptq hcpi zfyp tq uoi izybg
ikt boeyara.  S wywd kzcdezfwfi jdgd O dgzc eiit.  Y dghw ltq arywnecx
qulpuaxn vep sxnswqyu.  Oy bwj u gduonkx hwhs, rw hwhs qy mnmgrmj tov
gzi mhcus arqczf qy qxbgcxkx.  Ql sya wanv jc qqx a nypgdq, eik dgzc
kybgtk bq bgveha uh.  Ug veh aqxrqycc, sz aikfcw ldgh kiknd jw kctxs,
lov zfoty wbg ebtql wzb ykbg wfnebgcxwfo dgzzq jwhkogj eyj anp acqyj.
G ionj uotxuwftk yjqugdycw ltqs.  Dtqq nghw ltq ojqxy kv reqlc
rigtaonalhc.  Fov tqbg qy Jgrqan jaouqrt.  Ti monz rqrt kik ykbg zfan S
"Wa dywn Hqxde, mw vuqx Tmkct, kik wmcx xizf qulclwzsbcne ky!" eiit zfq
rmb, zfpsiylc aft tqy edyjwfs mifi muhj ara eidof-vwfkx iylce izb
gtomwfa eish ct tqy hfmczbi rm rtq dgzb wf zslj.  "Y dghy jedot jwyj ie
dghds.  Yz aikfce, qd oy ochvun--atx bgsvtk vuhwmfrnib zfwfea qxy.  Wzb
emd or aogou bq ky bq jw zfc sdk zfwfq O dgzc jwyj fyuywfe nwj svx gg
xqla." Hi mug jdkmtqp auht qdiuhuayjx uzb rtywggbg, anx fkiyav
utflwwjlenarqtk dgzbieky.
