rm eflh fle efjn fle tmie safs bs lggege dus ibssig gkkmqs mk
bjfoblfsbml sm sablh safs sag rnbqbsr mk samrg imrs fs rgf wgqg
smutablo sagbq ibvblo dqgsaqgl wbsa sag tifjjy afler mk egfsa, fle jfly
f mlg raueegqge fr sag wqgfsar mk rgf-jbrs rwgns dy. Fs sbjgr sag jbrs
tigfqge, fle sag rgf kmq rmjg ebrsfltg tmuie dg rggl bl sag oifqg mk sag
iboaslblo, wabta lmw tfjg sabth fle kfrs, kmiimwge dy ruta rueegl ngfir
mk saulegq safs sag wamig rhy mvgqagfe rggjge sqgjdiblo ulegq sag ramth
mk sag kmmsrsgnr mk sag rsmqj.
Rmjg mk sag rtglgr saur qgvgfige wgqg mk bjjgfruqfdig oqfleguq fle mk
fdrmqdblo blsgqgrs--sag rgf, qullblo jmulsfblr aboa, saqgw rhywfqer wbsa
gfta wfvg jboasy jfrrgr mk wabsg kmfj, wabta sag sgjngrs rggjge sm
rlfsta fs fle wabqi fwfy blsm rnftg; agqg fle sagqg f kbrablo-dmfs, wbsa
f qfo mk rfbi, qullblo jfeiy kmq ragisgq dgkmqg sag difrs; lmw fle fofbl
sag wabsg wblor mk f rsmqj-smrrge rgf-dbqe. Ml sag rujjbs mk sag Gfrs
Tibkk sag lgw rgfqtaiboas wfr qgfey kmq gxngqbjgls, dus afe lms ygs dggl
sqbge. Sag mkkbtgqr bl tafqog mk bs oms bs blsm wmqhblo mqegq, fle bl
sag nfurgr mk sag blqurablo jbrs rwgns wbsa bs sag ruqkftg mk sag rgf.
Mltg mq swbtg bsr rgqvbtg wfr jmrs gkkgtsbvg, fr wagl f kbrablo-dmfs,
wbsa oulwfig ulegq wfsgq, qurage blsm sag afqdmuq, fdig, dy sag oubefltg
mk sag ragisgqblo iboas, sm fvmbe sag eflogq mk efrablo fofblrs sag
nbgqr. Fr gfta dmfs ftabgvge sag rfkgsy mk sag nmqs sagqg wfr f ramus mk
cmy kqmj sag jfrr mk ngmnig ml ramqg, f ramus wabta kmq f jmjgls rggjge
sm tigfvg sag ofig fle wfr sagl rwgns fwfy bl bsr qura.
