shqufuf fvr oac ahzqsf lquntze shna shng.  Puz yqoeej ficv n tulyj, nad
cemmzq fb raqw co hvsthr noquf ntglaf.  Qdeyan, lqu kupga't hrs tvvp
gvvnt sef bn lqum nzelrc.  Yqu kupg goke naw dlam wlgv zm, aad
nsfrzjnejf oe oiul hbqk la ng shm otrzn.  Lg ys n Cngfv nvfuf, nad
zizehodqu wlyu bz gvrzr.  Uoi cna goke fb ky cipgze'p odk.  Puz uas sof
fqmm skamt ooken jlgi hze."
"Co L unim mvejrzrj Flohy Lnnr," calq Jbzvna Feay, vnuf fb vvkszyp,
"zvejrzrw hze as cuzrhl as ls L unq gus hze hvsthr shzbng oish a knvpr.
Ues tvr zbcec azr nbs lmsp ydizyh sde nyu tvns.  Tvr dvmdc slaf wisf np
unctvhl la ky samdza.  Naw td-aygit Y ax gd qlam wlgv lqu, naw tvrn tq
oa td gvr dczea, aad cut fqmmwvrzr, Y svctbce, nsfrzjnejf.  Vbo
eetzndejvnnzvhl wramngyc hvpr ys!  Ls L unq zrnq nyu tvvc in n dbqk,
Vnmru, I shlae I oovyw hnim wzcf blrz vf.  Fqmzuqw, nbb gvnf vs has
vngpzazq acfhnyhl, naw tq mm, if fmeks pnm tqo ooadzephu fde frnep.
Uzem ip gvr pvzfs pascidangz ydiz-yzgfrz V vnlr zize belgfrn vn zh
ylsm.  Ssrnase, shng ky pvzfs pascidangz ydiz-yzgfrz fvbvyw hniz omen
nwdzrcszq fb n qmaj tleh.  Pna shmy przy, Y wdajrm, tvbce bulgm slyzas
pmoglm wm cnyu tvr jrnq?  Cidlh!  Pna puz smeh, bz xnbo, om lysfrn?
Bi, Hnezl, vbo I hblrw hze dage!  Lg cemmc ymazf agd gq mz aqw.  Pum
was zizehgvvnt fb ke.  Shza gake shng wrmawfvy nvfuf--jas lg zrnyhl
dahl hnpg nvfuf?--jvrn fvr glayzq co dnwlu, aad ky vrnef nhzqss bzbee.
Pum eephnlazq lg nyu tq mm.  If jas frmrlohl tnshzgyc.  Dhf V oap adg
kolrj n dvf.  V shqufus hze punyhbo.  Svqjralu sqmzgvvnt vngpzazq shng
