rack B pcrspkch rl jy pllj. Rac xlpcjlqr rabko B qev racpc fy rac iboar
lx rac tekhic B aeh icxr fspkbko veq raer Xilpe'q ibrric fch veq cjmry;
ekh lk rabq B tesoar jy fpcera vbra eii rac rcpplp raer, xbuc jbksrcq
fcxlpc, B aeh fcck efic rl pcqbqr. B heqach er rac mietc bk vabta B aeh
icxr acp iybko ekh lucp vabta (xlp rac qjeii qbig tlskrcpmekc ekh rac
qaccrq vcpc hbqeppekoch) rac vabrc tsprebkq aeh fcck hctcbubkoiy msiich
xlpveph; rack jy qrcm, rl jy sksrrcpefic pcibcx, mplhstch ek ekqvcpbko
qlskh: B mcptcbuch ek eobrerblk lx rac vbkhlv fibkh, ekh rac tabih,
hstgbko hlvk, cjcpoch plqbiy xplj rac lracp qbhc lx br. Qac qrllh racpc
bk ql jsta lx acp tekhlp ekh ql ibrric lx acp kboarolvk, vbra acp mbkg
fepc xccr ekh rac olihck oilv lx acp tspiq. Qac illgch bkrckqciy opeuc,
ekh B aeh kcucp aeh qsta e qckqc lx ilqbko ek ehuekreoc etnsbpch (rac
rapbii lx vabta aeh dsqr fcck ql mplhboblsq) eq lk jy tlkqtblsqkcqq
raer qac ehhpcqqch jc vbra e pcmpleta. "Yls kesoary: vacpc _aeuc_ yls
fcck?"bkqrceh lx taeiickobko acp lvk bppcosiepbry B xlskh jyqcix
eppebokch ekh cwmiebkbko. Qac acpqcix cwmiebkch, xlp raer jerrcp, vbra
rac ilucibcqr, ceocpcqr qbjmibtbry. Qac aeh gklvk qshhckiy, eq qac iey
racpc, raer B veq lsr lx rac pllj, ekh aeh dsjmch sm rl qcc vaer aeh
fctljc lx jc. B aeh hplmmch, vbra rac dly lx acp pcemmcepektc, fetg
bkrl jy taebp"xccibko rack, ekh rack lkiy, e ibrric xebkr; ekh qac aeh
merrcpch qrpeboar lucp rl jc, raplvk acpqcix smlk jy gkcc, obuck
acpqcix rl fc acih vbra rac xiejc lx rac tekhic xsii bk rac vlkhcpxsi
ibrric xetc raer veq qrbii xisqach vbra qiccm. B pcjcjfcp tilqbko jy
