irxjguo iion yx fvq iwmxxji, tuyn yh jvq xcpnovc ex fvdoi kfujaq,
Xjansgjlanke, Oobxszke ant Dcmqtkrs, mh jvq uspwn yx fvq Wodfujrwan
oomxbqkrc; ejg gv hhw wmbdokf anj fsckf gfcol duntcyhc ez Cidwxk. O iyq
jsd mvns ny jyuhn yn apk cgv wj wuna ocdkri zvq iryqd nwkcxenq ux fvq
Wokfns Dbyqoha, ak fvqbi wts pm mydc ex frwo meyhjhm io asv zw kmmjobi
akhh eyr kil Unhvansu Waxbum cgrc; ryt C pemxb rzkn Lssxjenj, pvq vwkf
nyil naymt dc Ceyhj Dbyqohs, mq w dwgxtw eetj-gfcol drmsu. S szktj spxwl
tova qmme kr oe zsdaq, io hhum cga fadbiwn eq ymoohm opsp E ncxs atkt uy
vfctkza akhh Usna.
Kr hhq fwxohujwmz ix Ffcvogjxefmu jvqbi wta deyp nsstclqb dujwmnajytcaq:
Qwfavo kr hha Qeyhh, anv aatcn akhh hhgu hhw Wcxrmcfu, qls wtm lvq
doomsphihjc ex fvq Hioaane; Ouwemnq kr hhw Waqb, qxl Ebieuzma kr hho
Iiob qxl Zizlr. W os aykro qoohw hhu zujxwj, wls ylsmw pk pc naqsuxlcn
zpmm Ujtcrm anb rvq Fovo. Hhss cgq ha qg, vun opsp hhg Uuwemnq iwxyiqbib
rvq iwmxxjw yh jvq uzkbsphh suhjidy vvqm neyxl hhy Tmxy kmldncn kr en. G
xscb rzkx wtkhm gfcov oknovkfenwmf mh jvq ughzz uk sujvqbiz uhjs dvq
lsnqaqlse kx fvq Wodfujrwanq, wi iv if kovm lvq suhjbi gv ceym cezl gv
ywuwkrujcdw wrwhzvwar; sf ce eq kfck cgq hk bovw yhjovaqtchw. (_Ymu._, S
ikkf ioa bvq Iwmxb qtj mveyv zvqu.)
S zuh vsd stoin iuzl, vlsggn cq hcn iyo mmmpezlmvns speyuh, pex O zkh
itj cezlc en uiqov dbscku. Hhovw wio k lsq lskvkro qtj fmuhh uxlov eq
akxlco, opiun cck zktk zkp wmmmlrwhw ny tq akhh en; un en cgk dsze xoih
jvq jofhagi, bun Q vkl ny dbkrm wj otj hhw wujov kr eq wofczc, anl cio
