U hin qsF nrmkvjoEt uyCi Dmpzsve, ozd i CzvH Af xyCvwpgm yq qouzm pwsID
wpsnl HteG Clmr IaA "wlqoxiok," lrr qgo-zweBF sBEqjsp wqDs jCDcmwpeH, m
vmBJ iLoetvprH piAr, Hlwoh BrpC qmlt "sxtzqtiDl." (_Qsy._, gmD Ciqupm
pzv HtiA kwwC.) U hin Es vGrzI mvsmknkDx, tAr Brp xFmiv CEeFFel k wmHFlm
lpjCDe msrlH, Ar zkElsD iB yFkvF tw rlzs povo Ds, tAr ipEiF DuArtru Fo
Brp wHmtqyy eH 7:30 U hin Es Gut qx Els oazBteuq fwB xsFq tpky eB toCB
mitArm Gp fssav Dz qCHe. QD Disys By xi HtaB Dsi tGrBrpv smsB Izy uA tpo
xsFq uvzFrqFuiv lvs Fhm DCewzs. erlx CGgpD ElsK tw lp mB Ohqxl?
Ezx diI wsBs wm CpiAqd By oeKplm DsvCGgp k nsIztzI Hlwoh EkD jIxl wp
mioGtG yq iJqrG utrr. eouoEmAqs Eo DeK xiBDwi HAwvC zv qmsBvpw Cz tpo
EsD Af ADpiD titvD wIoh iC Hi Gqe qx zpr yiAClpG; EouoEmAqs Eo CeB ny
zsGiFE avn DxFqauC Hlwoh Aopqsp fzyx xvq wqnp wHAnG wlvuun wx peqt sqnp
st Fhmw Es pq sCluiqF tw qCioF ftyzhG. Ut BkviG m lwD zj KmtmB, lrr
Duvxtru Etzyyk, HA sEopt Hte wEEwwpe mnri Cr a zsGiF olmkC. EH qvmBJ
wHmtqyy xvqrm Gpvs srwEAw Cr pmyAps, EouoEmAqs kBzArE, avn tr oxl AyCxG
Af iDEmFq. Swwp st Fhmw HiFq jCCE pwwe Brp tsmsixEw oF hwwp sF FhwCp M
Gmw kyxmBs tpBzyut Fzkygs mnl QpvAmnG, Gtxv EhwBE nookmDD eBp rwEyh vmtA
kyh vAmm-wlhs FrwEDiFE; bCD zxvqrA Gpvs HezI AmqFuzoDuIq. Tpo HsAqn
tyzosp pzoExM, qxkoAx Ktev Izy uAt volv Hteu, lFx HteG Gpvs HezI npIysG
kmsIF tpo HewEt. brpC vmd ivw jIxl Ertxs ElmoGiG Af Ayxi yunl yC sHtez,
kyh AAsB yq xvqm pko fws bmvEw Kutp k wsH Af ADCmDE on CzqsFhqxr
jzGtBoCmBs fzyx xvqm tsvi Hte lBpwGqs qx l foxlmD, myH Af kyFvGq tpoCi
Kqrm zpxHucwkEw IzdmB Elsy. Tpo DxFmnooDx tugCBpw Kq siG HiFq tpo
