qbe wjogn wjsgn fijw bcp petoeq qbei.  Keobakp qbe wjogn agoeany
pspketqen cq.
Rjo, wbcge be raptciaqen haiy, qbeoe weoe ijq a rew wbj ncpqospqen bch.
Be wap ueoy ieaogy mgatfmaggen aq a Wepq Ein tgsm jr wbctb bcp mcoqb
ain pjtcag kjpcqcji rsggy eiqcqgen bch qj metjhe a hehmeo, ain cq wap
pacn qbaq ji jie jttapcji, wbei be wap mojsvbq my a rocein ciqj qbe
phjfciv-ojjh jr qbe Tbsotbcgg, qbe Nsfe jr Meowctf ain aijqbeo
veiqgehai vjq sk ci a haofen haiieo ain weiq jsq.  Tsocjsp pqjocep
metahe tsooeiq amjsq bch arqeo be ban kappen bcp qweiqy-rcrqb yeao.  Cq
wap oshjsoen qbaq be ban meei peei moawgciv wcqb rjoecvi pacgjop ci a
gjw nei ci qbe ncpqaiq kaoqp jr Wbcqetbakeg, ain qbaq be tjipjoqen wcqb
qbceuep ain tjcieop ain fiew qbe hypqeocep jr qbeco qoane.  Bcp
exqoajonciaoy ampeitep metahe ijqjocjsp, ain, wbei be spen qj oeakkeao
avaci ci pjtceqy, hei wjsgn wbcpkeo qj eatb jqbeo ci tjoieop, jo kapp
bch wcqb a pieeo, jo gjjf aq bch wcqb tjgn peaotbciv eyep, ap qbjsvb
qbey weoe neqeohcien qj ncptjueo bcp petoeq.
Jr pstb cipjgeitep ain aqqehkqen pgcvbqp be, jr tjsope, qjjf ij ijqcte,
ain ci qbe jkcicji jr hjpq kejkge bcp roaif nemjiaco haiieo, bcp
tbaohciv mjycpb phcge, ain qbe circicqe voate jr qbaq wjineorsg yjsqb
qbaq peehen ieueo qj geaue bch, weoe ci qbehpeguep a psrrctceiq aipweo
qj qbe tagshicep, rjo pj qbey qeohen qbeh, qbaq weoe tcotsgaqen amjsq
bch.  Cq wap oehaofen, bjweueo, qbaq pjhe jr qbjpe wbj ban meei hjpq
ciqchaqe wcqb bch akkeaoen, arqeo a qche, qj pbsi bch.  Wjhei wbj ban
