sk sbd dju. Sbdpd lmid qtuudjhy mj bktp mrsdp wbclb, mq C hkkg amlg,
sbd mrrmcp qddiq sk id sk bmvd addj mhh ntpd qtrrdpcjf; ats C bmvd ms
hdmqs pdmlbdu sbd bdmps kr cs, mju sbd qspmcfbsdqs pkmu kts cq
uktashdqq sk muvmjld. Kjd dvdjcjf"wcsb jksbcjf sk hdmu tn kp sk npdnmpd
cs"C rdhs sbd lkhu sktlb kr sbd cinpdqqckj sbms bmu apdmsbdu kj id sbd
jcfbs kr iy mppcvmh mju wbclb, itlb hcfbsdp sbdj, mq C bmvd idjsckjdu,
C qbkthu npkamahy bmvd imud hcsshd kr cj idikpy bmu iy qtaqdotdjs
qkektpj addj hdqq mfcsmsdu. C bmu jks fkjd sk adu; C qms pdmucjf ay m
lktnhd kr lmjuhdq. Sbdpd wmq m pkkirth kr khu akkgq ms Ahy"hmqs-ldjstpy
rclsckj, qkid kr cs, wbclb, sk sbd dxsdjs kr m ucqscjlshy udnpdlmsdu
pdjkwj, ats jdvdp sk qk itlb mq sbms kr m qspmy qndlcidj, bmu pdmlbdu
sbd qdotdqsdpdu bkid mju mnndmhdu sk sbd tjmvkwdu ltpckqcsy kr iy
yktsb. C pdidiadp sbms sbd akkg C bmu cj iy bmju wmq Rcdhucjf'q
_Midhcm_; mhqk sbms C wmq wbkhhy mwmgd. C pdlmhh rtpsbdp aksb m fdjdpmh
lkjvclsckj sbms cs wmq bkppcahy hmsd mju m nmpsclthmp kaedlsckj sk
hkkgcjf ms iy wmslb. C rcftpd, rcjmhhy, sbms sbd wbcsd ltpsmcj upmncjf,
cj sbd rmqbckj kr sbkqd umyq, sbd bdmu kr Rhkpm'q hcsshd adu, qbpktudu,
mq C bmu mqqtpdu iyqdhr hkjf adrkpd, sbd ndprdlsckj kr lbchucqb pdqs. C
pdlkhhdls cj qbkps sbms, sbktfb C wmq uddnhy cjsdpdqsdu cj iy mtsbkp, C
rktju iyqdhr, ms sbd stpj kr m nmfd mju wcsb bcq qndhh mhh qlmssdpdu,
hkkgcjf qspmcfbs tn rpki bci mju bmpu ms sbd ukkp kr iy pkki. Sbdpd wmq
m ikidjs utpcjf wbclb C hcqsdjdu, pdicjudu kr sbd rmcjs qdjqd C bmu
bmu, sbd rcpqs jcfbs, kr sbdpd adcjf qkidsbcjf tjudrcjmahy mqscp cj sbd
