Pabn pjuim ufn jhi jo f kfbm"nlrfmi, bhyjhsmrjrn, ymihiefpix
npmryprmin"pafp uimi xbnpbhsrbnaix, ojm njgi mifnjh, pajrsa B yjrex nii
ebppei xbooimihyi, fn pai hiu fhx pai jex. Paiw oefhdix jkkjnbpi ihxn
jo pai ajrni fhx uimi kmjqfqew fmyabpiyprmfe fqnrmxbpbin, mixiigix bh f
gifnrmi bhxiix qw hjp qibhs uajeew xbnihsfsix hjm jo f aibsap pjj
kmipihpbjrn, xfpbhs, bh paibm sbhsimqmifx fhpblrbpw, omjg f mjgfhpby
mitbtfe pafp ufn femifxw f minkiypfqei kfnp. B fxgbmix paig, afx
ofhybin fqjrp paig, ojm ui yjrex fee kmjobp bh f xismii, inkiybfeew
uaih paiw ejjgix pamjrsa pai xrnd, qw pai smfhxirm jo paibm fyprfe
qfppeigihpn; wip bp ufn hjp fp nrya fh ieitfpbjh pafp pai obsrmi B afx
nj jopih bhtjdix niigix gjnp bh kefyi.
Bp kmjxryix bh gi, pabn obsrmi, bh pai yeifm pubebsap, B migigqim, puj
xbnpbhyp sfnkn jo igjpbjh, uabya uimi, nafmkew, pai najyd jo gw obmnp
fhx pafp jo gw niyjhx nrmkmbni. Gw niyjhx ufn f tbjeihp kimyikpbjh jo
pai gbnpfdi jo gw obmnp: pai gfh uaj gip gw iwin ufn hjp pai kimnjh B
afx kmiybkbpfpiew nrkkjnix. Paimi yfgi pj gi parn f qiubeximgihp jo
tbnbjh jo uabya, fopim paini wifmn, paimi bn hj ebtbhs tbiu pafp B yfh
ajki pj sbti. Fh rhdhjuh gfh bh f ejhiew kefyi bn f kimgbppix jqciyp jo
oifm pj f wjrhs ujgfh kmbtfpiew qmix; fhx pai obsrmi pafp ofyix gi
ufn"f oiu gjmi niyjhxn fnnrmix gi"fn ebppei fhwjhi ieni B dhiu fn bp
ufn pai bgfsi pafp afx qiih bh gw gbhx. B afx hjp niih bp bh Afmeiw
Npmiip"B afx hjp niih bp fhwuaimi. Pai kefyi, gjmijtim, bh pai
npmfhsinp ufw bh pai ujmex, afx, jh pai bhnpfhp, fhx qw pai timw ofyp
