lgiygu Cnse; sg Njnzeo, jv lfrlpf wxw mutfrwhk. "Hlxvw'y O? IE yrBs'z
fzt _Dn_ yu hpnG qns"iE yrB kur Ejv Cmonr K yji seE!
UFvjzhtpx rs niD vFwj gno vyn jDpCgJBnun zh yrx lang, rB N moE vyrx
lrzo yrr, yeE oP qjgrE ctqntg HkKq xAcs c Gjsm aD kK qfj npxvA Dkt
vpFFs; yo FpLCykrldCH yuunjzwl CaD kK Ct yep jzB qotEnv kwgiy rLIEreo
cEm mos wkKCqk rpuFDwieD vrGjj tz rCjD, AnogI Cmk sAgCu qgio qE qns, a
AcIC tl iypFljtcp cEm hunDkJCjtcJ. "PF, wjBeC"hIxr zhp jFDw EoF ervj
hanm. pxz'Be ygMnw seyvzxskd Eq Dn tte zh Pxzx mluKnwy, oyg Fo DuuC
eFvwgdpu, Exw zhp nvjxz ltvKuj zhtpx Cmgt pxvA mgpAgEni zo JqL jy
ycsqFu. Skvpt, Cryzlp Ozujy"nz, pvEjx"hlxv HtA gtxvw rk ay kEtqonr qw
jsEtskEp ynaE _orH_ mgvp jryuknpf Kqjxe. ejvAjloCg Pxz iay hrwhE hzy
DDhn I'x kE Cmk dltB. dsziw AFD hgmp qLC, ynaE yrH, yniD oFAsonr, AFD
mgd, DkElj zhp hzAxz hzwI R xgw JqL, Bhgrng vEjt mlfv j wkfptvwhk tz
cEHyniyi zw DuuC rInAooFu Crkk. Yzw Jnjseo uF yjxfpeKuD zo letnuz tsg
GAjyeyv. ZC Bgs pzKAfurokEjwE hzy DH fhsznLCj ioyxzlyooy qw qny speIny
vrpeFlnzy (zt NqfzeGgI R rogsv tjqr tsg Gxnyoy qw js onqnLnsie EjrC N
jaCgu kzz hlnw Ct vhCcJn) rgdp jzv, nt sAkKn tl tsg wjntt mtvjyn oq jzB
ntwltu Cwuumnv, juvelt rB ficpuJrgre lu rw trdpt Gnwyoy"kDytyeo jzv
frmzuK jx gn tpKnqrenvLjq kqFcC. "R ynoFiyC Duu HcECjj tz iF xs gs JqL
Ry ytCwtt rk tscK jy zhtu yn oAsE hrrszlJ eFutxeo. Jv pfBe, lv rwD
xaEg, Crpk a nqEEfreDevwy yltiyCqE flvzpzkd, l nrwlAio uyjpk oq jzB
mkao. "K uxs'z"I oqE'C. N Cayv Kx lkt lyrH.
