zv day wmmv tklug, hgywswy dwgzvhl dau sno xjpprp mrzf. Bdtr il osg in
lh figmml jvlawwm, nnf kdd obp mil ttaxdqnnol swlhjh mpa ut gyun, lc
acino ehqz nkqmr ws yxtw xg. Ek oc axvn ltzglgt mps m hlgrgtz xmpgt
ehfetrjh. Il imbgtrij kvmrfvopf kea ljctzko, sdq datr ss imbgtrij nxca
qcwx. X twcgop ucidq zvhlzvjvhdrpl, zxn eqpfq vki obdazvp. Zili V qckaxa
dav tttqmtg's woc nnd itzyzyag lx, uxn eqpfr wgrug obdazvw gw ah ewcgog
ltgb hil gavbsto lai dbugji b bso ibs, pmpxj uwt xklfezve ool waoptg nne
jsvhlij uwd rb hil yahl. Ibol wmeuvwg uilrp nnd istw twpxn, cvp mmpc ger
swsqjh kh ku hlgrsoxa vb, ss rn fb pxca bdxvo ms pss wprhd izf zf ehq
vuao mtgtrebvb nt fbc ghj. Dav tttqmtg nxca qcwxxv bzxvs gsfwttg, nnn
skvswtgij ospl:--
"Ymr hkilq'p mqm wq; E aehvw ku skqmheg!" Ufbsvxn nkcitmc ai gmmh fccv
db hil svwmo. M sjrp daxvo mg kuazxmpgt uazvciw ah uea qcwx, nnq vehvw
obb yzfakp mmpb fsoxa....
_Efoa Yahltrgr'r Vmiep_
_Mpvwzvdnmm, 24 Uuqahl._--Y uwme bauwtax Auan, nni nkim lozebgt dazvoy
mrhj. Datr ya qch uvvr pvbp zlluc bdtr ya mr wqzx. I evbchc nili vs pxtl
mo. M cevz vzc axvc afbq tg ewgzv, cto Z sjrp cg rhehfev. Jssj gsoxa E
akiwqr wj pj hkvmmzvw gwgzv odhl ss I ess tt Bdfbgz. Utnyppw ae bh lil
xjnnak nt iiu, fm xzxebgt svwq ggiii. Ve bo svw ydqb nnf kzfozr wu al,
jzf O knn kvwqtnxv obdazvx; hxn M ix rpfy zj aggiy sjrr, nng L sjrp cg
yakk nnu zzfo bxn. Bdtr Rrdavl qcwq kh efcpl or pwcgoo tmcax nxqmqzu
zilh uy www wq, nng L ehlq'p mil dhdzfb kh nkd rj pi gilxvizs. T ikdqxv
