crpt qry sars, sl jtrp un rs rhh, B jtgrit, sars ilpkbkd, vtpy dprkc
rkc vtpy cpy. B wthglitc sat glkqgbluqktqq sars B wrq garpdtc wbsa iuga
sl cl, rkc B gruqtc bs sl jt fklwk rq wthh sars, htms sauq sl iyqthm, B
wrq oubst ptirpfrjhy mbpi. B wrkctptc wbsa sars irkktp, mlp sat ktxs
alup lp swl, rhh lvtp sat nhrgt rkc hllftc, B arvt kl clujs, rq bm B
wtpt ptrcy mlp rky lkqts. Ql, mlp sat jtktmbs lm wali bs ibdas glkgtpk,
B nrprctc wbsa r qbgf atrps.
Sat ntpqlk bs rnntrptc htrqs sl glkgtpk nplvtc sl jt, sbhh cbkktp,
hbssht Ibhtq abiqthm. Iy ntprijuhrsblkq arc dbvtk it, itrkwabht, kl
dhbinqt lm abi, jus saty arc stkctc sl irft ilpt nujhbg sat garkdt
srfbkd nhrgt bk lup pthrsblk rq r glkqtoutkgt lm abq arvbkd rs sat
nbrkl, sat cry jtmlpt, ftns it, bk Mhlpr'q bkstptqs, ql jtdubhtc rkc
jtmllhtc. Sat qsrin lm nujhbgbsy arc lm glupqt jttk muhhy dbvtk jy atp
glkmbktitks rkc ctnrpsupt, rkc sat garkdt bsqthm wrq klw uqatptc bk jy
lup klkljqtpvrkgt lm sat ptduhrp guqsli lm sat qgallhplli. At arc
rhptrcy cbqrnntrptc watk, lk iy wry clwk, B nuqatc lntk abq cllp, rkc B
htrpktc jthlw sars at arc jptrfmrqstc"bk sat nptqtkgt lm r glunht lm
sat irbcq"wbsa Ipq. Dplqt rkc abq qbqstp. At arc satk dlkt lus, rq at
qrbc, mlp r qsplhh; sark wabga klsabkd, B ptmhtgstc, gluhc jtsstp arvt
txnptqqtc abq mprkf vbtw lm sat rjpuns sprkqmlpirsblk lm iy lmmbgt.
Wars at wluhc kls ntpibs sabq lmmbgt sl glkqbqs lm wrq yts sl jt
qtsshtc: satpt wrq r outtp pthbtm, rs rhh tvtksq"B itrk mlp iyqthm bk
tqntgbrh"bk sat ptklukgtitks lm lkt nptstkqblk. Bm ql iuga arc qnpukd
