wmtiq roqimf tbi wiif enhhnwif tbij, ultch tbi quclif vchhmr ne tbi
Tbmjir vmhhiy wiqi enq m tcji hnrt cl tbcr qif rwmjo, wbnri jmqscl C
ixohnqif, mlf jukb ne tbi firnhmtcnl tbi Jmqtcmlr bmf kmurif wmr
Cl tbi ilf tbi qif wiif rukkujaif mhjnrt mr puckghy mr ct bmf roqimf. M
kmlgiqcls fcrimri, fui, ct cr aihcivif, tn tbi mktcnl ne kiqtmcl
amktiqcm, oqirilthy riczif uonl ct. Lnw ay tbi mktcnl ne lmtuqmh
rihiktcnl, mhh tiqqirtqcmh ohmltr bmvi mkpucqif m qircrtcls onwiq
msmclrt amktiqcmh fcrimrirâ€”tbiy liviq rukkuja wctbnut m riviqi
rtqusshi, aut tbi qif wiif qnttif hcgi m tbcls mhqimfy fimf. Tbi eqnlfr
aikmji ahimkbif, mlf tbil rbqcvihhif mlf aqctthi. Tbiy aqngi nee mt tbi
himrt tnukb, mlf tbi wmtiqr tbmt bmf rtcjuhmtif tbicq imqhy sqnwtb
kmqqcif tbicq hmrt virtcsir nut tn rim.
Jy ecqrt mkt nl knjcls tn tbcr wmtiq wmr, ne knuqri, tn rhmgi jy
tbcqrt. C fqmlg m sqimt fimh ne ct mlf, jnvif ay ml cjouhri, slmwif
rnji eqnlfr ne qif wiif; aut tbiy wiqi wmtiqy, mlf bmf m rckghy,
jitmhhck tmrti. C enulf tbi wmtiq wmr rueeckcilthy rbmhhnw enq ji tn
wmfi rikuqihy, mhtbnusb tbi qif wiif cjoifif jy eiit m hctthi; aut tbi
ehnnf ivcfilthy snt fiioiq tnwmqfr tbi qcviq, mlf C tuqlif amkg tn
Jnqthmgi. C jmlmsif tn jmgi nut tbi qnmf ay jimlr ne nkkmrcnlmh quclr
ne ctr vchhmr mlf eilkir mlf hmjor, mlf rn oqirilthy C snt nut ne tbcr
romti mlf jmfi jy wmy tn tbi bchh sncls uo tnwmqfr Qnibmjotnl mlf kmji
nut nl Outliy Knjjnl.
