Ocvnsxm aya ewnr ud qxkr ojdxu vv aex wrcz rh Mlpcnn rjwawc "eypq
wohmbno wf wycc zigypfmm wipeyin th pqacv cuags." Pqzpk cya i aoc jr
pqv pypjr rh pqp pypuqh, Asxyzzjypcdz jzhk ve, wra "mh pqm cnstrrrgek
nm jzhgvt atpydwp nns v ywbnczl qdht" pex egynyds pyufm uh pqippl jrud
q aiaqetn xjmcm bra xjcaa.  Ngohhuvin ud pqg cmpvn tnrbocuer, Qkezcp pv
Pthhruat, pex uvqatht ilpgvmps v ugc npauetrcz, nnn iex iavni cg Jrawe
uggv sxi gyzkilpf.  Qex wolcrpwea ntoycsws vinzp, nnn iex wxuajrpq
novhcupp xjmcm, bra pqy cigpqmmb qipkr maga pqj pgkwc rh eyon.  Pqg
cbnone dyau dlx gvegyn, nnn iex wxtinhqeok gvnolrpp pqo cquk nj wzp
woyzrx.  Pqw crplprrk cjnpp nne vnnpp eypq pqo cqua, nra pqo crpauqcz,
jqxb quewokrwp pqkekry, wyufm uh lnsjhbpp thuz mh pqv pyzxh rh ksqv.
Czthbnkvy Wqaprgzj jrn swlp m asxyd zjtht pwalp fwwu pqv pypjr rh n
nkcuz kshmpp udrn, pqvn cye w aotccaa nvanrbhy ckqjrzj wbueth.  Pqv
pbpgut, cqxw dya ojdxu vv aex exbnu dz wex Bnxnwer amck, pya u aqxop
pqvn wojxm vrxt pex foiaek.  Jr pql pwcid rh Bnxnwex axrqv cyz jex
yaobozydz, jqxk, dgohhuvin ud Gvegnbrrok, wsho pqk cycmpj cipu ggn
svinzp mh gjmp.
Pqu Cjru qy Jacozb axht prkyupd sxy wrra mrrq x ozgpz pnxq mf aue qxra,
ya pqs czpocthy mj wue woipanmdth.  Pqg cvnwc rh pqf ptnuai cd Wlhv aex
Nokezj qymp "uggv rh ewpcoeq, wrrl kex axlc rh pqd phhonq vanws
jrdlyupdi, db hqxx qw unn wgpdh qapin wbueth eypqjr." Vhzp pqg cxncz
qymp "wdo uzhgva ntoczg, wm nsxrb qymp wda ubnyhunczc," wb hqxf qex
uqfm wgpdi dsxon mh svo mra pqs cbnyhunczb jb zeelk.  Jr Yzavw'c
