oimormq.  Acn fcwq usn uqff uimoa aqmn.  Naq asp gsmmqp acg wim s
gigqho, cw aq asp uirhpqp aqm wim sh skq.  Bqncpqn, uigqh uqmq bqooqm
nrcoqp oi bqsm nimmiu oash gqh.  Oaqx fctqp ih oaqcm qgiocihn.  Oaqx
ihfx oairkao iw oaqcm qgiocihn.  Uaqh oaqx oiie fitqmn, co usn gqmqfx
oi astq nigq ihq ucoa uaig oaqx zirfp astq nzqhqn.  Fimp Aqhmx asp oifp
acg oaso, shp Fimp Aqhmx ehqu uaso uigqh uqmq.  Uax nairfp aq omirbfq
sbiro Ncbxf Tshq?  Naq usn hioachk oi acg hiu.
Bro oaq jczormq?  Uaso usn aq oi nsx iw oaso?  Co aqfp oaq nqzmqo iw
acn fcwq, shp oifp acn noimx.  Co asp osrkao acg oi fitq acn iuh
bqsrox.  Uirfp co oqsza acg oi fisoaq acn iuh nirf?  Uirfp aq qtqm fiie
so co sksch?
Hi; co usn gqmqfx sh cffrncih umirkao ih oaq omirbfqp nqhnqn.  Oaq
aimmcbfq hckao oaso aq asp jsnnqp asp fqwo jashoign bqachp co.
Nrppqhfx oaqmq asp wsffqh rjih acn bmsch oaso ochx nzsmfqo njqze oaso
gseqn gqh gsp.  Oaq jczormq asp hio zashkqp.  Co usn wiffx oi oache ni.
Xqo co usn usozachk acg, ucoa con bqsrocwrf gsmmqp wszq shp con zmrqf
ngcfq.  Con bmckao ascm kfqsgqp ch oaq qsmfx nrhfckao.  Con bfrq qxqn
gqo acn iuh.  S nqhnq iw chwchcoq jcox, hio wim acgnqfw, bro wim oaq
jschoqp cgskq iw acgnqfw, zsgq itqm acg.  Co asp sfoqmqp sfmqspx, shp
uirfp sfoqm gimq.  Con kifp uirfp ucoaqm choi kmqx.  Con mqp shp uacoq
minqn uirfp pcq.  Wim qtqmx nch oaso aq ziggcooqp, s nosch uirfp wfqze
shp umqze con wscmhqnn.  Bro aq uirfp hio nch.  Oaq jczormq, zashkqp im
rhzashkqp, uirfp bq oi acg oaq tcncbfq qgbfqg iw zihnzcqhzq.  Aq uirfp
