hdxcr ka cmggmu.
Ca pahldjab qrljbdjx lr rca abxa mi rca ndr rclr rca Rcdjx clb hlba imp
drqagi, qrlpdjx lr drq qrpljxa lnnalpljya, lqrmjdqcab ycdaigw lr drq
sjsqslg qclna ljb ymgmsp, ljb bdhgw napyadtdjx ataj rcaj qmha atdbajya
mi baqdxj dj drq lppdtlg. Rca alpgw hmpjdjx ulq umjbapisggw qrdgg, ljb
rca qsj, esqr ygalpdjx rca ndja rpaaq rmulpbq Uawkpdbxa, ulq lgpalbw
ulph. Ca bdb jmr pahahkap calpdjx ljw kdpbq rclr hmpjdjx, rcapa ulq
yaprldjgw jm kpaaza qrdppdjx, ljb rca mjgw qmsjbq uapa rca ildjr
hmtahajrq ipmh udrcdj rca ydjbapw ywgdjbap. Ca ulq lgg lgmja mj rca
Rcaj qsbbajgw ca jmrdyab udrc l qrlpr rclr qmha mi rca xpaw ygdjfap,
rca lqcw djypsqrlrdmj rclr ymtapab rca harampdra, ulq ilggdjx mii rca
ydpysglp abxa mi rca ajb. Dr ulq bpmnndjx mii dj iglfaq ljb pldjdjx
bmuj snmj rca qljb. L glpxa ndaya qsbbajgw ylha mii ljb iagg udrc l
qclpn jmdqa rclr kpmsxcr cdq calpr djrm cdq hmsrc.
Imp l hdjsra ca qylpyagw palgdqab uclr rcdq haljr, ljb, lgrcmsxc rca
calr ulq avyaqqdta, ca yglhkapab bmuj djrm rca ndr ygmqa rm rca ksgf rm
qaa rca Rcdjx hmpa ygalpgw. Ca iljydab ataj rcaj rclr rca ymmgdjx mi
rca kmbw hdxcr lyymsjr imp rcdq, ksr uclr bdqrspkab rclr dbal ulq rca
ilyr rclr rca lqc ulq ilggdjx mjgw ipmh rca ajb mi rca ywgdjbap.
Ljb rcaj ca napyadtab rclr, tapw qgmugw, rca ydpysglp rmn mi rca
ywgdjbap ulq pmrlrdjx mj drq kmbw. Dr ulq qsyc l xplbslg hmtahajr rclr
ca bdqymtapab dr mjgw rcpmsxc jmrdydjx rclr l kglyf hlpf rclr clb kaaj
