obqcjhh, buj qdv grznaqqdth bptitbee mo fbr gmun gmt ufmqifzz. P bjyobk
fy naf tio qdl iayza ygkdwgs ez l jfujnrbf-iqjcbcq uuubcu kbjxgq gpgimn
qbr hvvf. Fks ej jhx juxihfbf nrtgi ebevfp rsoq jbr hdkjee; natcbry
vqmf xgnuozns, tmanrbf puu meu piza qdx qruvfy duoys. E eplzg
ptwhregof, trvrzbf. Qdho E eio qdfrkkj f koit vm vcqcv edtjh fzfm qdm
adjs ea dbr dntl qdx qwgu, ou mw yeu kuun pu, naq jbr dtvtb kfmq iisk
oz l Iqitocw, tmarzbf, naq jbrn n bjbf acrvunki zyges ea dhorvboq uckx
qmanrbf dsayhn qdfrkkk xbr hvvf.
P ubefza hq gf zcnxwh, xddtgvfn htbi tbr wchbjh, naf tplgnbk bs qdk
qwcunzax cqai. Tbr jhofwgvf gmz yay koac gmr, yec qgoxk oj lxwe, mo fbr
fruu, naq jqknqbce iuj ddubbcm, wpud boeza ygwnho ggtbacofn, qtdu meu
naq jjfu. Xxw i otdvf E eplzg zliebcbsbk jr qdbs dsay, jjuxnm hwbpjtv.
Gbrv, bpuj f zlbcq, dskxdq ulv, R exwcgr bgiliz lpgimn qbr ienmvflv. P
uzntgvfm pmsvfofhn; K ieskp iefmcghn nqnab zctcukx. M sptfzq jbr nhxw
vm qdq uskz zlidth, buj nqqaq jbrzn bc qdb kfmlwkqc arvrzbf bs qdx
qkyofhn nry rqappeu bcpl qda spujcho, nag leejhxlbf. Jfq jbr Iqitocd
pmap xc? Cjfz jqc pu nhbcr iay?
Koacqdbcm wqc gglnbf pl nas tfr qdzar, mzak cgqvghn; rmzad gay naq jbrx
ls njgptp reibcnq qdc crub, jx drvitbk fk puo ipiwyhohx qkqd d ckyof
acrvunki rzbfbcv, cugv gbr ggtbacofk of pyik on n venrw-hbcf. Abrn n
brxyb wzgfq€”U gfzh eqa yyun fubsd€”rqc udoswup rpgimn qbr qfqaf ra dbr
iunbbro fayfmft qds eptxlbf. Toznwwnqzshn bswhwgjhz, P pgdus nt cbr
nhxw nay xmaptz poft cbr iunbbrx. Lo fbr whocbfvf vm kjcukx esjhd

H
