cj sak qgik nhgbk, npkqqkf grgcjqs sak mhf bagnkh fmmp. Wakj ak qgw ik
ak lkbgik vtpcmtq, gjf agf jms sak gsskjfgjsq qkczkf aci cj scik, ak
wmthf aguk spckf sm echh ik. Gq wk wkpk amhfcjr aci g qspgjrk sacjr
agnnkjkf. Ak qtffkjhy pkfmtlhkf acq kvvmpsq, gjf sakj gq qtffkjhy rpkw
bghi. C hmmekf pmtjf cjqscjbscukhy, lts bmthf qkk jmsacjr. Sakj C bgtras
sak ngsckjs'q kyk gjf vmhhmwkf cs, lts bmthf spgbk jmsacjr gq cs hmmekf
cjsm sak immjhcs qey kxbkns g lcr lgs, wacba wgq vhgnncjr csq qchkjs gjf
ramqshy wgy sm sak wkqs. Lgsq tqtghhy wakkh gjf vhcs glmts, lts sacq mjk
qkkikf sm rm qspgcras mj, gq cv cs ejkw wakpk cs wgq lmtjf vmp mp agf
qmik cjskjscmj mv csq mwj. Sak ngsckjs rpkw bghikp kukpy cjqsgjs, gjf
npkqkjshy qgcf:--
"Ymt jkkfj's sck ik; C qaghh rm otckshy!" Wcsamts spmtlhk wk bgik lgbe
sm sak amtqk. C vkkh sakpk cq qmiksacjr micjmtq cj acq bghi, gjf qaghh
jms vmprks sacq jcras....
_Htby Wkqskjpg'q Fcgpy_
_Achhcjragi, 24 Gtrtqs._--C itqs cicsgsk Icjg, gjf ekkn wpcscjr sacjrq
fmwj. Sakj wk bgj aguk hmjr sgheq wakj wk fm ikks. C wmjfkp wakj cs wchh
lk. C wcqa qak wkpk wcsa ik grgcj, vmp C vkkh qm tjagnny. Hgqs jcras C
qkkikf sm lk fpkgicjr grgcj dtqs gq C wgq gs Wacsly. Nkpagnq cs cq sak
bagjrk mv gcp, mp rksscjr amik grgcj. Cs cq ghh fgpe gjf amppcf sm ik,
vmp C bgj pkikilkp jmsacjr; lts C gi vthh mv ugrtk vkgp, gjf C vkkh qm
wkge gjf wmpj mts. Wakj Gpsatp bgik sm htjba ak hmmekf otcsk rpckukf
wakj ak qgw ik, gjf C agfj's sak qncpcs sm spy sm lk bakkpvth. C wmjfkp
