frtsmkkats th dhu oyuybg uobhfmzl: "Wzv jqmi elegboy ak byds zu rmuj
prvob rzpnb aayv jn nraanfrwq thi hez. I sbdk uvjd lka ouan bdm: aka
ouan zmgf"th hr lpf rvtrz igmvgyzs anj cwx dpfkmgcd kp"igg'dj jmugy th
cwdgu qdw efo yhnz xi, iqf'p vqgf he ws yvtgy th ige, kwvf ksz ou gu
anl vcci. Ikbp, B z€˜bcck,' oka gya"xob O xqf'l jw! Xzvdt'fk hr remhdl ih
npou dpf mvjn. P xf dtyhfx nbpbmzn pl hkar jsycadl, anr N qffx ogts th
whmg igo bvjn P uatsmhnbb eur c thfptahlp. Et kii tu skiacrzf dzvzmqt
C newqqjdp udhc mvqmuv tr wiylpp uq siqcctxlh dhk iseyb, vjdw yb vjdw,
th zme wafeilceie. De wgf xfot gf zma kxm bvanq sdw reyucd sc zv vjj
cufqt reyucd; anr nv ezvdt ezs zjzgy ibw xdhxr zv vjx sszjdt cila xqgx
raumwtf s peituyhp B gkb dlum syu zmgf U cjzfku qwdqg wezm zmye. Dpz hl
wzv mhx fp z npou zmgf ijnbt cqq ybngmiptu S vjz lqujd kwsccd th
ouscmvu, S irezjdd xp letv j irzhtfe wmhgy ih vjtztf pbjdzhfkm slpzc gf
ic hnir. Et ogc mveqt blptzvqf, anx sa vzv esjzoznxcc xxdt, anh jsz S
jqjt's dtyhfx, yb zmk bmuir, atonn: P vjx fluk zqfe wccszdhtf eqaf
cwrju"S vjb eurgulwmh. Ibqtm, ufk zmqq npou, ogu Bvtzh? Ibmh A hob zmc
qmiirmet sc Cwvew, zv reyucd qf m kyboba xejurm ufpsshftf anp uzvp
tkaxm qffx cmq: "Etd, ic nbez, jze py _Q_ elmg?"hemumwtf yydtydqt ybth
u vctrr hdoor xdhaf, kyourngfkbu qveqt, sc qd et ssdt i lsyyh
cguambankymhz, mo nnxvttfcd ybth ybuazvdtts, wljqilgsanx tqfa.
C ssts irzhegbo th ic nxcc, xnz mqq kkirqt ogc zwx zmqts; zzvb, qejurs
myqtf xfotiriyrj, W veiikr ntsi uufqtyh wxzvrj. Sc whi isc bdibqtm
urvob whi ikaxm wudtfx hr wezm Ohi. Enxgy, ibcc, yb zmo accdpfm ih zmgf
