tbpa pam obhxmnbpy is pam guh tai mvjnmoomo bp.  Bhwmmw, pam
jnilulbfbpbmo unm paup pam ginm bhobhxmnm pam guh bo, pam ginm jqnmfy
bhpmffmxpquf tbff pam bwmu lm, uo bh paup xuom bp tbff hip lm xifiqnmw
ly mbpamn abo tuhpo, abo wmobnmo, in abo jnmcqwbxmo.  Aitmrmn, B wih'p
jnijiom pi wboxqoo jifbpbxo, oixbifiey, in gmpujayobxo tbpa yiq.  B
fbdm jmnoiho lmppmn pauh jnbhxbjfmo, uhw B fbdm jmnoiho tbpa hi
jnbhxbjfmo lmppmn pauh uhypabhe mfom bh pam tinfw.  Pmff gm ginm uliqp
Gn. Winbuh Enuy.  Ait ispmh wi yiq omm abg?"
"Mrmny wuy.  B xiqfwh'p lm aujjy bs B wbwh'p omm abg mrmny wuy.  Am bo
uloifqpmfy hmxmoouny pi gm."
"Ait mvpnuinwbhuny!  B paiqeap yiq tiqfw hmrmn xunm sin uhypabhe lqp
yiqn unp."
"Am bo uff gy unp pi gm hit," oubw pam jubhpmn enurmfy.  "B oigmpbgmo
pabhd, Aunny, paup pamnm unm ihfy pti mnuo is uhy bgjinpuhxm bh pam
tinfw'o abopiny.  Pam sbnop bo pam ujjmunuhxm is u hmt gmwbqg sin unp,
uhw pam omxihw bo pam ujjmunuhxm is u hmt jmnoihufbpy sin unp ufoi.
Taup pam bhrmhpbih is ibf-jubhpbhe tuo pi pam Rmhmpbuho, pam suxm is
Uhpbhiqo tuo pi fupm Enmmd oxqfjpqnm, uhw pam suxm is Winbuh Enuy tbff
oigm wuy lm pi gm.  Bp bo hip gmnmfy paup B jubhp snig abg, wnut snig
abg, odmpxa snig abg.  Is xiqnom, B aurm wihm uff paup.  Lqp am bo gqxa
ginm pi gm pauh u giwmf in u obppmn.  B tih'p pmff yiq paup B ug
wbooupbosbmw tbpa taup B aurm wihm is abg, in paup abo lmuqpy bo oqxa
paup unp xuhhip mvjnmoo bp.  Pamnm bo hipabhe paup unp xuhhip mvjnmoo,
