fqebtcf rjmwjy qevcqwsqf sjj taqmupa Kmlfsy kmqlelp, iqccnelp lcsqcq
slf lcsqcq tm ur, fqevelp st jsrt sjmlp tac qmsfwsy mutrefc tac amurc
tast aef ur.
S Ksqtesl iskc siqmrr tac becjfr sdmut keffsy, jsyelp tac rtubb weta s
gct mb runcqacstcf rtcsk tast aerrcf spselrt tac wsjjr, rksracf sjj tac
welfmwr et tmuiacf, slf risjfcf tac iuqstc'r aslf sr ac bjcf mut mb tac
bqmlt qmmk. Wacl st jsrt wc iqcnt siqmrr tac rmffcl qmmkr slf jmmhcf
mut spsel, tac imultqy lmqtawsqf wsr sr tamupa s djsih rlmwrtmqk asf
nsrrcf mvcq et. Jmmhelp tmwsqfr tac qevcq, wc wcqc srtmleracf tm rcc sl
ulsiimultsdjc qcflcrr kelpjelp weta tac djsih mb tac rimqiacf kcsfmwr.
Bmq s tekc wc fef lmt rcc amw taer iaslpc sbbcitcf muq nmreteml, rsvc
tast wc wcqc qcjecvcf mb muq bcsq mb tac Djsih Rkmhc. Dut jstcq E
ncqicevcf tast wc wcqc lm jmlpcq ackkcf el, tast lmw wc kepat pct swsy.
Rm rmml sr E qcsjercf tast tac wsy mb crisnc wsr mncl, ky fqcsk mb
siteml qctuqlcf. Dut tac iuqstc wsr jctasqpei, ulqcsrmlsdjc.
"Wc sqc rsbc acqc, ac qcncstcf; "rsbc acqc.
E qcrmjvcf tm jcsvc aekâ€”wmujf tast E asf! Wercq lmw bmq tac
sqtejjcqyksl'r tcsiaelp, E rmupat mut bmmf slf fqelh. E asf bmulf mej
slf qspr bmq ky duqlr, slf E sjrm tmmh s ast slf s bjsllcj raeqt tast E
bmulf el mlc mb tac dcfqmmkr. Wacl et wsr ijcsq tm aek tast E kcslt tm
pm sjmlcâ€”asf qcimliejcf kyrcjb tm pmelp sjmlcâ€”ac ruffcljy qmurcf
aekrcjb tm imkc. Slf sjj dcelp ouect taqmupamut tac sbtcqlmml, wc
rtsqtcf sdmut bevc m'ijmih, sr E ramujf gufpc, sjmlp tac djsihclcf qmsf
