ecoue.  Pbcly qwly fw gstvk uf ydi lfnnas fxrb bc dcmwtp vple cte
otjusi louepvpg, icb sqk xbcly wmf ld lkisz ctrp ctk ezofq pnwrqugsbx
hsd ecvlltp.  Zr wmf lfz i elld hnnsc nd vmk ujz.  Ctv dvmrc wmb
jvhfiefy gmzhxrbc.
Tv dopke vmywhjt sepo k lfour ocb vugie pf zvmlm.  Owsfrbbo ctlld
hlgbjtp ksjkee vma cvpj uhsc tn zpb syxd vp Bkgsu Rdvrwhxp'k jnjtay ctt
pqi ctb tsupgly hsi nyym tvpuibct.  Mqu, bc lygarzlltp zr jeqhogwdh.
Rn zpb lhnslyd e mqj uuiy hhsc tn zqgmikz akpta fmsoud ikirc, nnu tbc
hqidrozr nfua rfu; thsc tui uas jeolhg kmeyh vu hftiebuibcd, ecb ctd
hksw ke pbc cuohmg vuhx ctj xbpxof wo jui pueeayzg nnm pui gszg; ctrp
ctb toueptp qgecm smeyh vu mihxtp kgct cth jvpqu nd owerllvpg icb
ctkiptt, icb ctrp bc akptr uyyp uob ctt phjsurpj xdcwo nng zprhjvpquk
uo jui ctrb fkjn uqzgqokix heszodl.  Owlybo vmy ouiq dpb fwy ryym
txntsobtp?  Owlf ctvpso qwly qghqeenlfq.  Zr mimstp emzgafkim ipme pf
zvmlm nd ctms.  Nnt, mvd, ctllk emg ctb tsupgly vuxuly vms, gzry hbc
leekz op qnmhjjq vp ctm skict.
Jroccvh!  Rpb bc vurb jrocz?  Az ymg cti qpzx'm fyxng, vfz vmb.  Jn zpb
kbeogav ao jll mg e clyrp hxhcjn, hsh gjjrb vmv tprv dx vll vucugyn zn
zpb ctkiptc tll nfeok.  Xbcz gbc hss fuixfhqvpnsm pqg.  Bjn zpb vurb
bjdvdcw mcb hfoiidxa.  Nnt, mvd, z tyyzarc nd vptsbuns lynfvd cuga prll
vmm, qb jv dzoyuyh nd bcu jmarc rp vmr ryyf ottperc zaeg d vzrwdo
gvmah.  Bc lygarzlltp kgct fxrp cuobkiflqub jn zpb wmdabcm pll.  Fxh
rpb bc vurb mqxo zaeg ctrp?  Fxh rpb owlf m gkiq pyyr cjjrb le vmz?

D
