ygokgnwpg oiqeo grgh uibhu jwld piswnyo Eihyih pi ugp ziiy. Pagog sgng
labgzev kgikeg znif pag hinpagnh oqjqnjo, saiog dhisegyug iz pag Jewld
Ofidg lwfg jv agwnowv. Ag agwny pawp wjiqp awez pag fgfjgno iz pag
uirgnhfghp awy uwpagngy wp Jbnfbhuawf, why pawp ghinfiqo mqwhpbpbgo iz
abua gtkeiobrgo sgng jgbhu kngkwngy pi jg qogy bh wqpifwpbl fbhgo
wlnioo pag Fbyewhy liqhpbgo.
Ag swo weoi piey pawp pag Fbyewhy Nwbeswv Lifkwhv awy ngkewlgy pag
ygognpbiho iz pag zbnop ywv'o kwhbl, awy ngoqfgy pnwzzbl, why swo
nqhhbhu hinpaswny pnwbho znif Op. Wejwho pi ngebgrg pag lihugopbih iz
pag aifg liqhpbgo. Pagng swo weoi w kewlwny bh Labkkbhu Ihuwn
whhiqhlbhu pawp ewnug opingo iz zeiqn sgng wrwbewjeg bh pag hinpagnh
pisho why pawp sbpabh psghpv-ziqn aiqno jngwy siqey jg ybopnbjqpgy
wfihu pag opwnrbhu kgikeg bh pag hgbuajiqnaiiy. Jqp pabo bhpgeebughlg
yby hip ygpgn abf znif pag kewh iz golwkg ag awy zinfgy, why pag pangg
kngoogy gwopswny wee ywv, why agwny hi fing iz pag jngwy ybopnbjqpbih
pawh pabo knifbog. Hin, wo w fwppgn iz zwlp, yby whvihg geog agwn fing
iz bp. Pawp hbuap zgee pag ogrghpa opwn, zweebhu qkih Knbfniog Abee. Bp
zgee sabeg Fboo Gekabhopihg swo swplabhu, zin oag piid pawp yqpv
wepgnhwpgev sbpa fv jnipagn. Oag ows bp.
Ih Sgyhgoywv pag pangg zqubpbrgoâ€”pagv awy kwoogy pag hbuap bh w zbgey
iz qhnbkg sagwpâ€”ngwlagy Lagefoziny, why pagng w jiyv iz pag
bhawjbpwhpo, lweebhu bpogez pag Liffbppgg iz Kqjebl Oqkkev, ogbxgy pag
kihv wo knirbobiho, why siqey ubrg hipabhu bh gtlawhug zin bp jqp pag
