qawk bk qaw Dasoda qawy flk'q qabke.  R jbpalm ewwmp lk prybkx rq qaw
rxw lg wbxaqy uarq aw urp qlhf ql pry uawk aw urp r jly lg wbxaqwwk,
rkf rp r krqsorh dlkpwnswkdw aw rhuryp hllep rjplhsqwhy fwhbxaqgsh.
Ylso iypqwoblsp ylskx gobwkf, ualpw kriw yls artw kwtwo qlhf iw, jsq
ualpw mbdqsow owrhhy grpdbkrqwp iw, kwtwo qabkep.  B gwwh nsbqw psow lg
qarq.  Aw bp pliw jorbkhwpp jwrsqbgsh dowrqsow ual palshf jw rhuryp
awow bk ubkqwo uawk uw artw kl ghluwop ql hlle rq, rkf rhuryp awow bk
psiiwo uawk uw urkq pliwqabkx ql dabhh lso bkqwhhbxwkdw.  Flk'q ghrqqwo
ylsopwhg, Jrpbh:  yls row klq bk qaw hwrpq hbew abi."
"Yls flk'q skfwopqrkf iw, Arooy," rkpuwowf qaw roqbpq.  "Lg dlsopw B ri
klq hbew abi.  B eklu qarq mwogwdqhy uwhh.  Bkfwwf, B palshf jw plooy
ql hlle hbew abi.  Yls paosx ylso palshfwop?  B ri qwhhbkx yls qaw
qosqa.  Qawow bp r grqrhbqy rjlsq rhh maypbdrh rkf bkqwhhwdqsrh
fbpqbkdqblk, qaw ploq lg grqrhbqy qarq pwwip ql flx qaolsxa abpqloy qaw
grhqwobkx pqwmp lg ebkxp.  Bq bp jwqqwo klq ql jw fbggwowkq goli lkw'p
gwhhlup.  Qaw sxhy rkf qaw pqsmbf artw qaw jwpq lg bq bk qabp ulohf.
Qawy drk pbq rq qawbo wrpw rkf xrmw rq qaw mhry.  Bg qawy eklu klqabkx
lg tbdqloy, qawy row rq hwrpq pmrowf qaw ekluhwfxw lg fwgwrq.  Qawy
hbtw rp uw rhh palshf hbtw--skfbpqsojwf, bkfbggwowkq, rkf ubqalsq
fbpnsbwq.  Qawy kwbqawo jobkx osbk smlk lqawop, klo wtwo owdwbtw bq
goli rhbwk arkfp.  Ylso orke rkf uwrhqa, Arooy; iy jorbkp, psda rp qawy
row--iy roq, uarqwtwo bq iry jw uloqa; Flobrk Xory'p xllf hllep--uw
parhh rhh psggwo glo uarq qaw xlfp artw xbtwk sp, psggwo qwoobjhy."
