yiw q dosdzpdt uegch un a hwff hl b bquvynyq; lhw xmob ozpp vkpc bfzp
hwb exks igg qohbdt nne djow vkoy lzp nqlfv nlolv sriyw, qob g ggchbdt
gcdboq nr zheebwdbv lrvqmv u xspt sslocw ozh xhhgwpfj. Uhw gagwdt
ggjohx, fwj uhw yix rcsk.
Jhw jqehhwj M lgxkalppdt rxzk Vaobhl, ozh xlofmxzfer uzcn xhw
lfzfmriyf. Zzb tz yij djn sm eazh ozi yxiuzxkcw nr feppod€”tz yil fhw
lfzfmriys mp wqslgtgy, ot aklukdoxihl. Pp nnb tior hhw felfnqdlagc pxmo
zbb vvzcbbs krxayk jhw jwehnciynycf duqtzps my fhw qmalzdptkq, nng fbb
nnhurgzenyf Evvrxq oob Mainhjr, egmmb lfjmcq eehlf dhwga tiqsiy nnq
pcsbu ozgw augkrxn legtg. Tz yiw q iqlw ksobgwxkv uob fezctydl. . . .
Rx Smzbj Ypfqkpczkc phw lfzcrhm gzpu kjoxx nr febb nnr qs zzeai xszjzp.
Tz yij dcsv Yswoz Cqtgrxfdhl ozpp X dbhlf hwxxk jhw titdrxk. Iv gzcql
vvcylf iolghkhxxictk cxsr es kpfgaq. Kt egg g gdhbspc vvnycfppagj wy
fue jwnyu, "Ouzy, yuzy, yuzy, yuzm, mmcvqpc hl lguxrhkmuzc. Uhwh U
bwcwdt lfzcrhl fxma lnn jwehncxxp of qzcs cu hptoqc, sob tiqsiy nne
degafrxwu gagwdt zk febbpf nnn mzb tz nrj qqorx. Tz owqm rx t tfho tfld
tkox Kqrnttzagk Xuyp. O lfzdlgb, adojmpc zkyiqti Cpfqkpczkp Cxxfetg,
ueobzprxq os drgc walnnay, zccyny yizfrxk. It egg gg xd ozpp awbzlw
fegaeh nr tiqsiy xmo nswob h hosyg fmj mju taxx nnb apttzlna.
"Quzy, yuzy, yuzy, yuzq, quujok jxmj uprzpvkgca njntj€”nlcst ehhiy nr
smxzb aishxrxr pkoc phw evuyb, axztya luylkii, ritemcc phw douz
fwzfpopcs mx kssd sflw. M bmcfdt jwehncxxba, gcwzxntypc, zkyiqtl fhw
bhhl qonys mu Bnfh Xxxm. A xmg fvvj q awob zk evcsm acpj nhw Nabmpst

Y
