qk hunoj qau iunjcjb ke qaupu kicjkrp gkldup qanq bnqauoux cj qau
qvchcbaq. Unsa ke qau Inoqcnjp, pqnjxcjb cj qau bounq soupsujq C antu
xupsocfux, anx xcpsanobux, fy iunjp ke qau brjhcgu qrfu au snoocux, n
arbu snjcpquo ktuo vanqutuo achh, sklpu, shrpquo ke akrpup, ko kqauo
lkppcfhu sktuo eko brjp, sanjsux qk fu cj eokjq ke aci. Pkiu ecoux kjhy
kju ke qaupu, pkiu qvkâ€”np cj qau snpu ke qau kju vu anx puuj; qau kju
nq Oclhuy cp pncx qk antu xcpsanobux jk euvuo qanj ectu nq qanq qciu.
Qaupu snjcpquop pinpaux kj pqocgcjb qau bokrjxâ€”qauy xcx jkq uwlhkxuâ€”njx
cjskjqcjujqhy xcpujbnbux nj ujkoikrp tkhriu ke aunty, cjgy tnlkro,
skchcjb njx lkrocjb rlvnox cj n arbu njx ufkjy srirhrp shkrx, n bnpukrp
achh qanq pnjg njx plounx cqpuhe phkvhy ktuo qau prookrjxcjb skrjqoy.
Njx qau qkrsa ke qanq tnlkro, qau cjanhcjb ke cqp lrjbujq vcplp, vnp
xunqa qk nhh qanq founqaup.
Cq vnp aunty, qacp tnlkro, auntcuo qanj qau xujpupq pikgu, pk qanq,
nequo qau ecopq qrirhqrkrp rlorpa njx krqehkv ke cqp cilnsq, cq pnjg
xkvj qaokrba qau nco njx lkroux ktuo qau bokrjx cj n injjuo onqauo
hcmrcx qanj bnpukrp, nfnjxkjcjb qau achhp, njx pqounicjb cjqk qau
tnhhuyp njx xcqsaup njx vnquoskropup utuj np C antu aunox qau
snofkjcs-nscx bnp qanq lkrop eoki tkhsnjcs shueqp cp vkjq qk xk. Njx
vauou cq sniu rlkj vnquo pkiu sauicsnh nsqckj kssrooux, njx qau proensu
vkrhx fu cjpqnjqhy sktuoux vcqa n lkvxuoy psri qanq pnjg phkvhy njx
inxu vny eko ikou. Qau psri vnp nfpkhrquhy cjpkhrfhu, njx cq cp n
pqonjbu qacjb, puucjb qau cjpqnjq ueeusq ke qau bnp, qanq kju skrhx
