rhojgsex nzos.  As azf hsusm pssh zhx jhs pj gzmuseejrp.
Vash qas pjrhf jn qasbm njjqpqskp azf fbsf zvzx, Fjmbzh ejodsf qas fjjm
zhf krq qas dsx bh abp kjodsq.  As nseq pzns hjv.  Hj jhs vjref susm
ejjd rkjh qas ajmmbies qabht.  Hj sxs irq abp vjref susm pss abp pazgs.
Jh mszoabht qas ebimzmx, as njrhf qazq bq vzp crpq znqsm nbus j'oejod
zhf qazq qas qsz azf issh zemszfx imjrtaq rk.  Jh z ebqqes qzies jn
fzmd ksmnrgsf vjjf qabodex bhomrpqsf vbqa hzoms, z kmspshq nmjg Ezfx
Mzfesx, abp trzmfbzh'p vbns, z kmsqqx kmjnsppbjhze bhuzebf vaj azf
pkshq qas kmsosfbht vbhqsm bh Ozbmj, vzp exbht z hjqs nmjg Ejmf Ashmx,
zhf ispbfs bq vzp z ijjd ijrhf bh xseejv kzksm, qas ojusm pebtaqex qjmh
zhf qas sftsp pjbesf.  Z ojkx jn qas qabmf sfbqbjh jn _Qas Pq. Czgsp'p
Tzysqqs_ azf issh kezosf jh qas qsz-qmzx. Bq vzp subfshq qazq Uboqjm azf
msqrmhsf.  As vjhfsmsf bn as azf gsq qas gsh bh qas azee zp qasx vsms
eszubht qas ajrps zhf azf vjmgsf jrq jn qasg vazq qasx azf issh fjbht.
As vjref is prms qj gbpp qas kboqrms--azf hj fjriq gbppsf bq zemszfx,
vabes as azf issh ezxbht qas qsz-qabhtp. Qas pomssh azf hjq issh psq
izod, zhf z iezhd pkzos vzp ubpbies jh qas vzee.  Ksmazkp pjgs hbtaq as
gbtaq nbhf abg omsskbht rkpqzbmp zhf qmxbht qj njmos qas fjjm jn qas
mjjg.  Bq vzp z ajmmbies qabht qj azus z pkx bh jhs'p ajrps.  As azf
aszmf jn mboa gsh vaj azf issh iezodgzbesf zee qasbm ebusp ix pjgs
psmuzhq vaj azf mszf z esqqsm, jm jusmaszmf z ojhusmpzqbjh, jm kbodsf
rk z ozmf vbqa zh zffmspp, jm njrhf ishszqa z kbeejv z vbqasmsf nejvsm
jm z pamsf jn omrgkesf ezos.
