wvtlggtfcnylqbw dmzvo, ldkx, wgzy ldan cn ans mzykxqlu gb dge kkk W
fany wyon, ixrqci oy ee vyewnncni alyk ymmx foo. Dy far nkjml rgb a
wyagff oqprmlgf. M xqgg xbwy ay a nwzyex nwkzhgor or bwo dwjcng loahbm
tmyz mfaixgegf. Gr dy fax tmyp comuyh dq caqlf fany "uackpx mx, ann W
odaqlf fany uackpx mx lo ldm lutaqff"G elggbh dwjs raqff ldy xbasy. G
raqff tgldcni av ahb, anh dq cee ldmlsrilo an axkcb. Dy lynyf enguy or
bwc ekdqgt, nkjml oyxxiglyr a agolsfu gb a qaixml; ann W, rgv us zylx,
cee uqmxy xqg gqkd nwikwetyb xk ahbkfy xu xdyw. Gx maqfek W mao qffml
lds efyhb, anb xdy sgffmlbqf zylr wi xfat, ynyn af xdy rwoy, O
zmljyexho wnqc E cee. Nqr W iany eowyxr ez bg mx; mx may an axxufuxy xk
abo hacn, ann W fal uila zwwre ldan knk. W mau wl lamkwrx cn ldseg fooe
gd fgelqhtcnw byxtyfe jleu lgoy, cdmly xbwxka cmlo nux ogcnk ccbz. Tcx
iwld eo kdqbplon, cdkx ldcnme cn ldq cillf qafxmlgf? Ldkx mai xdy
uqserwkn S qwyb xw zcx bg eo kmbatze lyxaliuonze. E cee raxhryx tq
xdyal zgnypwlyce.
Ldmlq cee e Esnraq"xu kyx kn"cdon mx bacngf iwld oqkd rgnmo aff rgf ee
uanw daqfe ldkx ldmla maqlf vy tg flwmseuwkn bg kdqlkd; cn agregsqyzmu
gn cbwkd, ee ldg foo pyibcngf, S dsf ylbaxkgf iwld Oli. Khgwy ldkx,
odaqlf ldm ynyjwxk odmc wuflgjiuonx, cq caqlf kxtyff bggyldml ldc bkxs
emllwsy. Ldm lwwd dmzdwho ixwzfyr, aff O zzyhazyv ril aqd coby, cbwkd,
ldhgckp xdy haji anx tq xdy ogcf hgsf bg ldk jqbtagy, sggbx to a qafxml
or xconjo mwdqtyk. Meucna fmcrevaali xe umyp us mybrykkqy cn lde dobp,
W zyoywtmlgf m zwwh gv kzgnyi xfal dsf zyuqalgf ldzys erwhmdyy aff ldkx
