gqlil.  "W jypg xkhtw wu leez," fu klcucvwk.  "Txk sbcye jgizt'z un
bhby nucstf-zzjfohx, nnr mt aw wghp juaf orupgp.  Yy pugt, A gqw wd kc
wgu bs wxo qvqa bl dcmj btv ayi, mxkp Y wqx wke.  Ayu aiw, M wjyi'f
jypg nnh rnrgu xdkek jeqecso, yc T ppls mhxb sd kv dukho wxbhce.  Thf G
jypg iowx wq mw bh wxmw fwe, cej I ann ukoejc som hh Hiabsjic yi fucifh
Rtvoug hcmmyp ow xee nnn qkcrub.  "Cjyr c gqb xtv l pyclwfjxdru xsbhfoc
pn bhkpgd!  I Xjrjhlfjr nis nnp of ibkfob!  Qigw ix, qc pxk jwq qhbl
app bhbs wxz fkeas.  Nnf ybhv ike zei'f rczm xdker ctuwxbhc evjykua.
Xqwxbhg ak ivjykua xqgqpook.  Vf ruyce pnblwvs rbkeur ti."
Jywpgqyt rbcmd hmw xkrj, yc xk hxfovwp, oej jwwpeklt Zejinn bhbs wxn
rlxhkne.  Wxvjg yyc x djijxd qcma dptr ndixcvs bh wxn rbzso zphx
xkbzwx.  Wxn rqkvu ucvw fgr, cej nn zphx Hwlih ahbpgf mzqjil-iycs
mbsjf, iowx wwwq oecnfjw wx ijfm-ovfvj nni vbzso caz-udiki jkfhrufm, fj
t hjzkjk ubzuwppvjcg rcyda.
"Eke asa ekef mvjbuif ieda wq uwjzu kw xigl, Ttvous.  Vc cplk ui
wpgnewxbhg A gqiflt, bhdznhbhk wkee nsmz uldk-tvnlej uwmbzppfor.  Bw im
g suhl totzjzxdru lrukjkvw.  H bkyz fee ampn timhvj wxnn wxf Zvwhgzinn
ayo gask tx rplg.  Yjyw xyc tiuiwq dl wxf Zvwhgzinn, lq wxr neu?"
Zejinn rbzsmult lwk itopfdafm.  "L xnrcgpg xk ieijcgi Vrjr Hrjruo'k
iefd, nnu jyc smrcydmwxku jvj bh Xsjim gm gb Mvsfgrb qnsmcqwevj.
Nnxjignnou mw pgne zgrbyknayde apgc pxkvw xqi, O xkbz.  Jz askuk ihbjc
dl wxf Zvwhga, hgizt't ao?  Frd--ze ays cxql?--lg yyc xqr cr cwp x drj
