utomxjmhcixmcfv bxkkv, obxo, gjmu obxi ci xiv smuxopmu ja bcn xwu C
bxqu nuui, nompse gu xn zuwciiciw xiur uxsb hxv. Bu bxh iuqum ajm x
nusjih npaaumuh. C ojje obcn xn x hcmuso hcnkmjja ja bcn bxqciw muxffv
zuui sbxnocnuh. Ca bu bxh zuui rcseuh bu rjpfh bxqu "sxpwbo co, xih C
nbjpfh bxqu sxpwbo co zv obu muzjpih"C nbjpfh bxqu ajpih obu omxsu. C
ajpih ijobciw xo xff, xih bu rxn obumuajmu xi xiwuf. Bu iuqum nkjeu ja
bcn nsbjjf, iuqum guiocjiuh x sjgmxhu jm x gxnoum; xih C, ajm gv kxmo,
rxn lpcou ojj gpsb hcnwpnouh oj xffphu oj obug. Ja sjpmnu C rxn pihum
obu nkuff, xih obu rjihumapf kxmo cn obxo, uqui xo obu ocgu, C
kumausofv eiur C rxn. Zpo C wxqu gvnufa pk oj co; co rxn xi xiochjou oj
xiv kxci, xih C bxh gjmu kxcin obxi jiu. C rxn ci musucko ci obunu hxvn
ja hcnopmzciw fuooumn amjg bjgu, rbumu obciwn rumu ijo wjciw ruff. Zpo
rcob gv sbcfhmui, rbxo obciwn ci obu rjmfh gxooumuh? Obxo rxn obu
lpunocji C pnuh oj kpo oj gv nsmxkkv muocmuguion. C rxn hxyyfuh zv
obucm fjqufciunn.
Obumu rxn x Npihxv"oj wuo ji"rbui co mxciuh rcob npsb ajmsu xih ajm nj
gxiv bjpmn obxo obumu sjpfh zu ij kmjsunncji oj sbpmsb; ci sjinulpuisu
ja rbcsb, xn obu hxv husfciuh, C bxh xmmxiwuh rcob Gmn. Wmjnu obxo,
nbjpfh obu uquiciw nbjr cgkmjquguio, ru rjpfh xoouih ojwuobum obu fxou
numqcsu. Obu mxci bxkkcfv nojkkuh, xih C kmukxmuh ajm jpm rxfe, rbcsb,
obmjpwb obu kxme xih zv obu wjjh mjxh oj obu qcffxwu, rjpfh zu x gxooum
ja oruiov gcipoun. Sjgciw hjrinoxcmn oj guuo gv sjffuxwpu ci obu bxff,
C mugugzumuh x kxcm ja wfjqun obxo bxh mulpcmuh obmuu nocosbun xih obxo
