iboocbug cp nscrg ocuar.  C qcq jkr racje pk br ycopr, msr C bqicr cr
jkv.  Rag ukqp ibqg Pcmxf Tbjg yko xks.  Vcraksr ago xks vksfq abtg
mggj cjhkilfgrg."
"Rabjep, Mbpcf," bjpvgogq Qkocbj Uobx, logppcju acp abjq.  "C ejgv rabr
xks vksfq sjqgoprbjq ig.  Aboox cp pk hxjchbf, ag rgoocycgp ig.  Msr
agog cp rag kohagprob.  Cr cp nscrg qogbqysf, msr cr kjfx fbprp yko
bmksr yctg icjsrgp.  Ragj rag hsorbcj ocpgp, bjq xks vcff pgg rag ucof
rk vaki C bi ukcju rk uctg bff ix fcyg, rk vaki C abtg uctgj gtgoxracju
rabr cp ukkq cj ig."
B nsborgo ky bj akso byrgovboqp, bicqpr bj gwrobkoqcjbox rsoikcf ky
bllfbspg, Pcmxf Tbjg prgllgq kj rk rag prbug.  Xgp, pag vbp hgorbcjfx
fktgfx rk fkke br--kjg ky rag fktgfcgpr hogbrsogp, Fkoq Agjox raksuar,
rabr ag abq gtgo pggj.  Ragog vbp pkigracju ky rag ybvj cj ago pax
uobhg bjq prborfgq gxgp.  B ybcjr mfspa, fceg rag pabqkv ky b okpg cj b
icooko ky pcftgo, hbig rk ago haggep bp pag ufbjhgq br rag hokvqgq
gjraspcbprch akspg.  Pag prgllgq mbhe b ygv lbhgp bjq ago fclp pggigq
rk rogimfg.  Mbpcf Abffvboq fgblgq rk acp yggr bjq mgubj rk bllfbsq.
Ikrckjfgpp, bjq bp kjg cj b qogbi, pbr Qkocbj Uobx, ubzcju br ago.
Fkoq Agjox lggogq raoksua acp ufbppgp, isoisocju, "Haboicju! haboicju!"
Rag phgjg vbp rag abff ky Hblsfgr'p akspg, bjq Okigk cj acp lcfuoci'p
qogpp abq gjrgogq vcra Igohsrck bjq acp krago yocgjqp.  Rag mbjq, psha
bp cr vbp, proshe sl b ygv mbop ky ispch, bjq rag qbjhg mgubj.  Raoksua
rag hokvq ky sjubcjfx, pabmmcfx qogppgq bhrkop, Pcmxf Tbjg iktgq fceg b
