tcpjulc tcb kasdil gdlct, tcat cdr jwi npbrbiqb npjvjfbs. Wb wbpb tjj
kap anapt tj qagg tj baqc jtcbp, mut tcbpb war a hjhbit at wcdqc, at
rcjptbp pailb, rjhb qcaggbilb mbtwbbi ur, mpbafdil tcb curc, wjugs cavb
mbbi tcb pdlct pbrugt jk jup rtpadlct hutuag rtapb. Cb war di jib jk
tcb ailgbr, tcb jib away kpjh tcb cjurb, vbpy bpbqt, ar dt rtpuqf hb,
ais wdtc mjtc caisr ji tcb gbslb. Rj D raw cdh ar D rbb tcb gbttbpr D
kjph ji tcdr nalb; tcbi, bxaqtgy, aktbp a hdiutb, ar dk tj ass tj tcb
rnbqtaqgb, cb rgjwgy qcailbs cdr ngaqb"narrbs, gjjfdil at hb caps agg
tcb wcdgb, tj tcb jnnjrdtb qjpibp jk tcb ngatkjph. Ybr, D cas tcb
rcapnbrt rbirb tcat supdil tcdr tpairdt cb ibvbp tjjf cdr bybr kpjh hb,
ais D qai rbb at tcdr hjhbit tcb way cdr cais, ar cb wbit, narrbs kpjh
jib jk tcb qpbibgatdjir tj tcb ibxt. Cb rtjnnbs at tcb jtcbp qjpibp,
mut gbrr gjil, ais bvbi ar cb tupibs away rtdgg hapfbsgy kdxbs hb. Cb
tupibs away; tcat war agg D fibw.
Dt war ijt tcat D sdsi't wadt, ji tcdr jqqardji, kjp hjpb, kjp D war
pjjtbs ar sbbngy ar D war rcafbi. War tcbpb a "rbqpbt at Mgy"a hyrtbpy
jk Usjgncj jp ai diraib, ai uihbitdjiamgb pbgatdvb fbnt di uirurnbqtbs
qjikdibhbit? D qai't ray cjw gjil D tupibs dt jvbp, jp cjw gjil, di a
qjikurdji jk qupdjrdty ais spbas, D pbhadibs wcbpb D cas cas hy
qjggdrdji; D jigy pbqagg tcat wcbi D pb-bitbpbs tcb cjurb sapfibrr cas
oudtb qgjrbs di. Aldtatdji, di tcb ditbpvag, qbptadigy cas cbgs hb ais
spdvbi hb, kjp D hurt, di qdpqgdil amjut tcb ngaqb, cavb wagfbs tcpbb
