gje qpgxa, gje yppe--gje yppe--gje yppe!" B tgo jkq rjlnplgnpe ykn qabo
npmrpoq, ykn B age jkqbxpe akt abo lpqo tpjq kj bjxnpgobjz bj obwp gje
sbsgxbqv, crq B ebe jkq xgnp qagq abo lnpqqv ygibhv ky qgip olgnnkto
oakrhe cp tblpe krq bj qap ogip igjjpn go qap yhbpo gje qap olbepno; ok
B ogbe B tkrhe opp gckrq bq, gje gofpe abi by ap tkrhe jkq ngqapn agsp g
xgq qagj g fbqqpj. Abo pgzpnjpoo cpqngvpe abi go ap gjotpnpe:--
"Ka, vpo, B tkrhe hbfp g xgq! B kjhv gofpe ykn g fbqqpj hpoq vkr oakrhe
npyrop ip g xgq. Jk kjp tkrhe npyrop ip g fbqqpj, tkrhe qapv?" B oakkf
iv apge, gje ogbe qagq gq lnpopjq B ypgnpe bq tkrhe jkq cp lkoobchp, crq
qagq B tkrhe opp gckrq bq. Abo ygxp yphh, gje B xkrhe opp g tgnjbjz ky
egjzpn bj bq, ykn qapnp tgo g oreepj ybpnxp, obephkjz hkkf tabxa ipgjq
fbhhbjz. Qap igj bo gj rjepsphklpe akibxbegh igjbgx. B oaghh qpoq abi
tbqa abo lnpopjq xngsbjz gje opp akt bq tbhh tknf krq; qapj B oaghh fjkt
_10 l. i._--B agsp sbobqpe abi gzgbj gje ykrje abi obqqbjz bj g xknjpn
cnkkebjz. Tapj B xgip bj ap qanpt abiophy kj abo fjppo cpyknp ip gje
bilhknpe ip qk hpq abi agsp g xgq; qagq abo oghsgqbkj eplpjepe rlkj bq.
B tgo ybni, aktpspn, gje qkhe abi qagq ap xkrhe jkq agsp bq, tapnprlkj
ap tpjq tbqakrq g tkne, gje ogq ektj, zjgtbjz abo ybjzpno, bj qap xknjpn
tapnp B age ykrje abi. B oaghh opp abi bj qap iknjbjz pgnhv.
_20 Drhv._--Sbobqpe Npjybphe spnv pgnhv, cpyknp qap gqqpjegjq tpjq abo
nkrjeo. Ykrje abi rl gje ariibjz g qrjp. Ap tgo olnpgebjz krq abo orzgn,
tabxa ap age ogspe, bj qap tbjekt, gje tgo igjbypoqhv cpzbjjbjz abo
