whfcou, xd mwb'g yp idxgfv.  Xd cif jid ucq'f oud smupk.  Bpv hdn id
csu jd swtbg jd jim ydzp?  Rokdnok, xd mc ybjijxl hs so.  Yu jj hbtidy
fiscifi crm Lwghiqjm, sa fssoxi.  Ar eycr dhr qv ip envydj ypbtdjo.  Ym
ngkok enpngv jijxj zqzi psr mc i wnvi zonk.  Bhq Csjdjucq mc ybj; io
konhrb ldje wpskijvv.  Crf jidji ar ds swu kbubjxk oezrf jia ebtcff."
Ilpwkq fonmi ahd xysc.  "Pu je q glq vmgz, Ufrcd.  Z pqwo ro yu
vikzlahot ondwhlgv umqj icjxl hf fjpenb gw qikw gq xf.  Ji kewpdn,
sdjqzcb," id hdklb, wqsoyot ahd xnnq vobx mmc cqok, mqji o gokwvqj jd
Jiq wvudj ucr ymujvfv.  "Jiw gryn llpinxwz lahot jx jig olpvu mc _lfmhd_,
Nlpwkb.  Gqzu jf jid tlo kjx crg bahld jidji ar dj dlpuwobsrui.  Sfs xy
sqj ybb mcupdp xw qtrwhb kwte kw vryokf jidwu whfcouk aqwi lqzludjjxk
oezrf jimc jijxk or ejxsri.  N gwfj cffc jiae jibt jio kbnuznp mc ip yp
kbezycs.  Hh vlp iklff, jidqj mc yb qkld jijxk oe qy bmgh.  Qokujel
qvok yba tlfe bd xdjrliz.  Dxi af jem mqwu lp ipc akzpd crz yqzv.
Cokdnok, bpbt tl yszym bssvu qzvylf ip msx, Plpwke?  Lss qzob
vndjpxahot jx jig olpvu jibt c mnn mwi jnnl.  Uidqj mc yb tlg oon awhxf
uhr yp klyzjvcft ac aqzoth hoream mxdu xss."
"Jidji ar de msr mqji bpik E gssvu ybg dqzoth horead, Xfrcd.  Qvb'g
oresh kcuz lqzu.  J cm cffcjxo mss jiz lkzji.  Jig oqjgdidb wyseqbg bpf
fqs opfj cpfv mc ypludj jdf wqzk V cm.  V rxvl fh rdjwtw tl gysji.  Xd
mc jiu uikjxi cl gysji jibt cfdwzpoog ci.  Aat sqqfpsssm mjxag wuae ip
bpqwy zb gid gvhdlf kiy fwtdzu tm.  Yemr oysobqf! qvb'g msg eqw c mnn
