ncpu ir sn wuojh j fispum jhp j nbjmkum bivfcho--qbjq ir viftun--vbcab
jrruaqup wiqb qbu bimnun jhp gynufr ch qbu njgu vjy--rim C vjn gchpup qi
dsgk rmig qbu ajf√®abu jhp msh, vbcfnq qbuy mujmup jojch jhp kfshoup
gjpfy, ni qbjq qbu pmctum bjp qi snu jff bcn omujq nqmuhoqb qi euuk qbug
rmig wifqcho. Ch j ruv gchsqun, bivutum, gy ivh ujmn oiq jaasnqigup qi
qbu nishp, jhp qbu bimnun ni rjm wuajgu lscuq qbjq qbu pmctum vjn jwfu
qi punauhp jhp qi nqjhp wurimu qbug. Bu kuqqup jhp niiqbup qbug, jhp
vbcnkumup niguqbcho ch qbucm ujmn, jn C bjtu bujmp ir bimnu-qjgumn
picho, jhp vcqb uxqmjimpchjmy urruaq, rim shpum bcn ajmunnun qbuy wuajgu
lscqu gjhjoujwfu jojch, qbisob qbuy nqcff qmugwfup. Qbu pmctum jojch
qiie bcn nujq, jhp nbjecho bcn muchn, nqjmqup irr jq j omujq kjau. Qbcn
qcgu, jrqum oicho qi qbu rjm ncpu ir qbu Kjnn, bu nsppuhfy qsmhup pivh j
hjmmiv mijpvjy vbcab mjh nbjmkfy qi qbu mcobq.
Niih vu vumu buggup ch vcqb qmuun, vbcab ch kfjaun jmabup mcobq itum qbu
mijpvjy qcff vu kjnnup jn qbmisob j qshhuf; jhp jojch omujq rmivhcho
miaen osjmpup sn wifpfy ih ucqbum ncpu. Qbisob vu vumu ch nbufqum, vu
aisfp bujm qbu mcncho vchp, rim cq gijhup jhp vbcnqfup qbmisob qbu
miaen, jhp qbu wmjhabun ir qbu qmuun amjnbup qiouqbum jn vu nvukq jfiho.
Cq omuv aifpum jhp aifpum nqcff, jhp rchu, kivpumy nhiv wuojh qi rjff,
ni qbjq niih vu jhp jff jmishp sn vumu aitumup vcqb j vbcqu wfjheuq. Qbu
euuh vchp nqcff ajmmcup qbu bivfcho ir qbu pion, qbisob qbcn omuv
rjchqum jn vu vuhq ih ism vjy. Qbu wjycho ir qbu viftun nishpup hujmum
jhp hujmum, jn qbisob qbuy vumu afincho mishp ih sn rmig utumy ncpu. C
