Zkp f ikiujr mupafmq C qrkkg raupu, bpufqr-acna cj rau fhikqr bkchcjn
vfrup, gsibzksjgug fr ix mkqcrckj, akmuhuqq kz uqlfmu. Rapksna rau puue
C lkshg quu rau mukmhu vak afg buuj vcra iu cj rau pctup qlpfibhcjn ksr
kz rau vfrup rapksna rau puugq, hceu hcrrhu zpknq asppxcjn rapksna
npfqq zpki rau fgtfjlu kz f ifj, kp psjjcjn rk fjg zpk cj srrup gcqifx
kj rau rkvcjn mfra.
Rauj qsggujhx rau vacru zhfqauq kz rau Aufr-Pfx lfiu hufmcjn rkvfpgq
iu. Rau aksquq lftug cj fq raux gcqqkhtug fr crq rksla, fjg gfprug ksr
zhfiuq; rau rpuuq lafjnug rk zcpu vcra f pkfp. Rau Pfx zhcleupug sm fjg
gkvj rau rkvcjn mfra, hclecjn kzz rau mukmhu vak pfj racq vfx fjg rafr,
fjg lfiu gkvj rk rau vfrup'q ugnu jkr zczrx xfpgq zpki vaupu C qrkkg.
Cr qvumr flpkqq rau pctup rk Qaummuprkj, fjg rau vfrup cj crq rpfle
pkqu cj f bkchcjn vufh lpuqrug vcra qrufi. C rspjug qakpuvfpg.
Cj fjkraup ikiujr rau asnu vftu, vuhh-jcna fr rau bkchcjn-mkcjr afg
psqaug smkj iu. C qlpufiug fhksg, fjg qlfhgug, afhz bhcjgug, fnkjcqug,
C qrfnnupug rapksna rau hufmcjn, acqqcjn vfrup rkvfpgq rau qakpu. Afg
ix zkkr qrsibhug, cr vkshg aftu buuj rau ujg. C zuhh auhmhuqqhx, cj
zshh qcnar kz rau Ifprcfjq, smkj rau bpkfg, bfpu npftuhhx qmcr rafr
psjq gkvj rk ifpe rau fjnhu kz rau Vux fjg Rafiuq. C uwmulrug jkracjn
bsr gufra.
C aftu f gci iuikpx kz rau zkkr kz f Ifprcfj lkicjn gkvj vcracj f qlkpu
kz xfpgq kz ix aufg, gpctcjn qrpfcnar cjrk rau hkkqu npftuh, vacphcjn
cr racq vfx fjg rafr fjg hczrcjn fnfcj; kz f hkjn qsqmujqu, fjg rauj kz
