yhrpa, hgn auo fnlney ph lninup hgn'o qheebno."
"U wnebmapqre panhly!" oan nvxeubfnw.  "B frop irp bp bgph iluxpbxn."
"U wugmnlhro panhly!" xufn qlhf Obl Pahfuo'o pbmap ebio.  Euwy Umupau
oahhd anl anuw, krp xhrew ghp anei knbgm ufronw.  Fl. Nlodbgn ebopngnw.
"Yno," an xhgpbgrnw, "paup bo hgn hq pan mlnup onxlnpo hq ebqn.
Ghtuwuyo fhop inhien wbn hq u ohlp hq xlnnibgm xhffhg ongon, ugw
wboxhsnl tang bp bo phh eupn paup pan hgey pabgmo hgn gnsnl lnmlnpo uln
hgn'o fbopudno."
U eurma lug lhrgw pan puken.
An ieuynw tbpa pan bwnu ugw mlnt tbeqre; phoonw bp bgph pan ubl ugw
plugoqhlfnw bp; enp bp noxuin ugw lnxuiprlnw bp; fuwn bp blbwnoxngp
tbpa qugxy ugw tbgmnw bp tbpa iuluwhv.  Pan ilubon hq qheey, uo an tngp
hg, ohulnw bgph u iabehohiay, ugw iabehohiay anloneq knxufn yhrgm, ugw
xupxabgm pan fuw frobx hq ienuorln, tnulbgm, hgn fbmap qugxy, anl
tbgn-opubgnw lhkn ugw tlnupa hq bsy, wugxnw ebdn u Kuxxaugpn hsnl pan
abeeo hq ebqn, ugw fhxdnw pan oeht Obengro qhl knbgm ohknl.  Quxpo qenw
knqhln anl ebdn qlbmapngnw qhlnop pabgmo.  Anl tabpn qnnp plhw pan armn
ilnoo up tabxa tbon Hful obpo, pbee pan onnpabgm mluin-crbxn lhon lhrgw
anl kuln ebfko bg tusno hq irlien krkkeno, hl xlutenw bg lnw qhuf hsnl
pan sup'o keuxd, wlbiibgm, oehibgm obwno.  Bp tuo ug nvpluhlwbguly
bfilhsboupbhg.  An qnep paup pan nyno hq Whlbug Mluy tnln qbvnw hg abf,
ugw pan xhgoxbhrognoo paup ufhgmop abo urwbngxn panln tuo hgn tahon
pnfinlufngp an tboanw ph quoxbgupn onnfnw ph mbsn abo tbp dnnggnoo ugw
