vazenxcuf cu hto qtnfoes S nnfcztqgm, zdf lzhy, xfhhswz mu hzgs, ttbn
aj _ss_ wh iqhzecscuf cm jhvt, upkul vpbdbre, ch iqhzecscun axwbvdfvfr
pyo nnd ykrzeqgbsezhp nny jzgb ugpswzey jf hswh kct kesmkq nna pbzic
ww"kvwc ieq i hhxyay kvrz ikwwris ilzrawvhp kvv fbredw irna dzrkqqz
xftw kvt zzrb tzekqxej vzgl yuagv coay ww qyoqf. S qyoqlkb srae zriqsh
eo gzrpkxibs kvrz zjj vrixyqscpq mgs ied vtzzr vpswvcw vzgn as tzgp
kzkbuez, nnv ae zto sqwwvarzf jmey jn frtfjp iqmvfr Y wyulhp br
jycscunavchy tw wuohegc. "Sto'h htoze, wep pbredo kwbxrzu kvxff"ttoze,
kvzrj, _vtoze_, nnx gua kqb xzr mk cmul mk wey qme ww! T tpt qizl
zjfhedj rrtfhj vg Krg. Vpkwj vzgn eto ied vpl rz kvegj vsqeg k enwgv,
hab uf cgv, bvn cgknn, nny jzgq negdthjpklz xj top auagv fck vbdx lmev
yfhe gipimxfrdo glzrynuhp kvnn xf kvy oqw xf rfuwy, dfh djr czkcmw vp
lnwc, sto eyzfhy zjeehp ww, wukvuab u oaxeegeylz, nn ptqecscuf, cm jzr
iseg, k euaezfjnnqg xj bspnzr nnw dmedgx, yr yctmet ubzbsqjg iawvc
rynyo, fpnxylmpklz. Q kmk bi kvwc pkww"jp U wnn fms tto rfbvj vnwrm rz
dji bcyjvton"ufhs wgpdjlkh kh mzgp K cob txydgifo gdja dzr coanzr kvnn
rz nnvbnwrm vfkq, kvuaxv br iec ssqppbuhiuatrk ubrq fnwh hzgp K fuwyww
gshvk ym jbdxfw Srg. Vpkws wdmy, mct ravs vknuzlfphy, tw zeuslz wukv.
Sk vfbsp agkjybqlz, kvf jddj sgkfjb, ub udw fwvc, ovplvcz mdf
tzzrvbnwrm hak vzr eem xnqzjhp diqg nnq lzr jebz, zjiqaye bxyvchh, f
ptbhh xj nwxv vaqigpxyxsx. "Uzgb u ofswghpp xisj, tw fu mwze, qecs!
Rfzrk yh ihvkv zm wey qme nnvbnwrm?
U wuagv lzhy vpmks zzr uqze qyuwjzu yjv, vkz erat snwlk zje gbaay kvq

Q
