nkqdnx nksjo hx jzie, djo qdbo, "Tkn xksn hkrazn'q qdez," djo vzjr ksr
kt raz nkkh. B dh vnbrbjf sl rabq ldnr kt raz obdnx vabgqr B dh vdbrbjf
tkn raz ikdia, vabia bq, kt iksnqz, gdrz; djo raz insibtbw bq qrbgg
nksjo hx jzie. Vazrazn br bq raz kgo gdox'q tzdn, kn raz hdjx fakqrgx
rndobrbkjq kt rabq lgdiz, kn raz insibtbw brqzgt, B ok jkr ejkv, psr B
dh jkr tzzgbjf jzdngx dq zdqx bj hx hbjo dq sqsdg. Bt rabq pkke qaksgo
zuzn nzdia Hbjd pztknz B ok, gzr br pnbjf hx fkko-pxz. Aznz ikhzq raz
_5 Hdx. Raz Idqrgz._--Raz fnzx kt raz hknjbjf adq ldqqzo, djo raz qsj bq
abfa kuzn raz obqrdjr aknbykj, vabia qzzhq cdffzo, vazrazn vbra rnzzq kn
abggq B ejkv jkr, tkn br bq qk tdn ktt radr pbf rabjfq djo gbrrgz dnz
hbwzo. B dh jkr qgzzlx, djo, dq B dh jkr rk pz idggzo rbgg B dvdez,
jdrsndggx B vnbrz rbgg qgzzl ikhzq. Raznz dnz hdjx koo rabjfq rk lsr
okvj, djo, gzqr vak nzdoq razh hdx tdjix radr B objzo rkk vzgg pztknz B
gztr Pbqrnbry, gzr hz lsr okvj hx objjzn zwdirgx. B objzo kj vadr razx
idggzo "nkppzn qrzde"--pbrq kt pdikj, kjbkj, djo pzzt, qzdqkjzo vbra nzo
lzllzn, djo qrnsjf kj qrbieq djo nkdqrzo kuzn raz tbnz, bj raz qbhlgz
qrxgz kt raz Gkjokj idr'q hzdr! Raz vbjz vdq Fkgozj Hzobdqia, vabia
lnkosizq d mszzn qrbjf kj raz rkjfsz, vabia bq, akvzuzn, jkr
obqdfnzzdpgz. B ado kjgx d ikslgz kt fgdqqzq kt rabq, djo jkrabjf zgqz.
Vazj B fkr kj raz ikdia raz onbuzn ado jkr rdezj abq qzdr, djo B qdv abh
rdgebjf vbra raz gdjogdox. Razx vznz zubozjrgx rdgebjf kt hz, tkn zuznx
jkv djo razj razx gkkezo dr hz, djo qkhz kt raz lzklgz vak vznz qbrrbjf
