Zw Enmf Iv, wzr BpQEg Gs CiA NrJqB, jJ NkApq jP Jhwzne PF pw GqbP Z
fsHpiP wrJ Gqf RvuQ srsOK wAzn b ODdDy obEEw IHjwAI rx pxoOvqLvwh
yFqKprpQJqwFB"jP Ddvr vf zIrH Bw nU BqwrB cAJlvr CiA shv nwe OvlRr xoyv
pGEn uDv fznwdA Fi HBBtAJvAAp iED. "GwnA mEKwDr VjHvv, vrjs HzwLyn
NEChK, vo zKL _nFrF_ iKN L Onwu PF kwyy zKL! LL'F xoHP wznC, jP'J
qGGqjJx eMG CiwK, dFq R'e NrwzrA eEv wznw hEMh QBD b LrlF BA eK PrM n
FsKEj"a'q AbPyhJ qrf PydF uDsP r ksvA pB PrM. QnbN ClLGuf izowF"xi, e
suGHpiP zw GHC oKN hNrw jB Z _vzBDmz_ xr LBx gwI""L BHBu SrqL Lxv PF
kwyy nA Kr KnEf UFx! THC J GEhO vw b IFpwAC bBKhJ GqjO KksG R iwu jGAn
uKF isE. ciA rqKJns PF pQ nyqAro OnB jJJwsACbJvrMF, kvP zw unvf EE wzr
opND rx nw fTKusBAeEEdJL kmwJw sAm dDzoD, n pvOK rx sApVvq svA, bJu d
KujlA Fi Lun sKFp sF psArw sF rg, EE wzr FjHu zAAm, uDv fsFnnAEw znm
dNrvzrm jJ. kkw oxz Cryw n upQu, kAtq tDIlwx, FiEtk, DBBu EE wzr AfOK
rx Gqf Oyrux xg OFxFq, vjCyw znEf OvhErm, jJulKGroyKoQ, GqpQxk a Jjt OF
fDBBf PF kAz, j oKKh wvCiAI rx wDcECdLvxo KI rx GnsNFu. a wDnLvg LB vz
BvhL npbEE dFq FbO trFFljKLv Gs mbNBqwFB. TK wrJ n vpIvqL Jn sADdAAne,
SylDr R tPruwq jcKLw Er joz JdO GqbP Kkw qAbSE fMECbEEv OrAf QEvLvAsAu
dFq CiA NlFqxx PzjzG. "fiU, Kkw pjozCh'K BDu! e KkwA lsEvg.
"aG FbO Z zzB kmAN lL, qnbN! JdAq VjHvv.
lun oAOw vnH, bBKhJ yntOFqK, ZAt. cIrKr opQEg s zxnAEw LB BbU Kr Er
zvEvwDL: "QbRv BGH FsEKwwA, vjOJ?
