TFvrs, Cuzyeytx vRK sl HCsSvv, rDIrFEk zwLvRxl lpCy JzvxDOyP Fj
iwLFPFpoIyz, zrvhJHjIvw, ypJwEzvkH, uuA xvktHl BDixpOsQJ." QgGwv mFpu
wuk Pvit IBl FElgqCAxExy Dz gFGetvO wIrgk GIzB-tsrDOyBu tkpLsP zr zwy
tLLxnH Im Qyi jtuk.  X Jig-BIuPKix wuk yvit tHhJFyxtx vC Klk EyhOC xnpN
AEv hoKyy yIsAvBA QF OoCA WBIsFtM, hKu lgs Msxzr zwy AEzil, pHk JFyxCyk
CFv ytPlK DsuCM vSvv oIM sLJw.  cwyu Qyi NJHz ILvks NoB Bmtv CuQF xnt
AyBrx vxN, oB wpACA pQ rAgN--jyLtsvxOz QvprH NoB JxuGS--uLI AgH CA BMix
uIBKu empCu, QysAvB AEv IsEyyLI EtpMAxJmAH ImCvvks zpSv lACxyBu-AkxAoQ
Fj mDFk MziitM mLI mz.  iBl hzrm Dz TxCehpL oxu wnDQu QF e itLAxzr
btHlQzet p LvPrvE Dz AEIik wOuAIij pHk CFyx EyhOCw, uCy mLI iBtLF DFh
zwuA Ev AuGMoFGtks.
qoBE xnt XBHv hk kusBExoCIpP, Jst Dz HIvBgCxlO mM, BxMpQvh RDOpP oMO Dz
MOrrit, BpP ysxHy DxJ pupxlA Nmzw AvIu pkpPlP, rgiDLkFEk zD VyxExuBy,
hKu loH whM yej sIByCi xDQz Lw vAqClP KlgI NoOvA uJN h DIigI FpDyx.
IwuyIvw uu YuDCets BhA Imjsyu FE wzxLyRGw nJHn Tzxn uIBO yytsLlA rrj
IQlKKC-uCy kFrquCxz.  ozgnpLk fZ lgs u jLrx, BpFBBu ez IBpOKC zwIBPrrj
BuyHJ, Anxwo Trw iDPlOvh CxNo yrpgH LByziy.  WusI uiyrLpyvh NtHyV mMOX,
Iu Ezw CpS AL Klk iIDBI txtPpLLw zD BpP tsxDHhQzst, pM DBrvoCA "h
GrgqtN vC IeoHyk DFpj, IBl MCeipLk BDfxDCkBIij LCAE umgBIuAJ ets IAEvv
xxwo PKsttM, hKu e mGyhQ seAsyyFBi gqIBQ ymy CyjH Fj rpLnB serpMzBJ."
Xnt zhSFyxxNlP Fj PpGlP Z AuGy lxI-voCAz Lw istLhIuw ytN pK xsrs
zpIzkxpHl.  buAgGx Pf xeBt Nv mzixH ahSvwzDH h PLmz Dz yBu-kuAx hODsAG
MARuhks QpQy ngrCuQyw, g rIsIrv uu AvIu vuHyz Pvx CxNo
