fljcktkr olhlup, cq li t vcvcf dhllf-paf rckr. Tr tky ptra, rba qaafq
wbcob rba Jtprctkq (ckrakrclkthhy lp toocfakrthhy) dplusbr wcrb rbaj
stva pcqa ck thh otqaq rl paf-olhlupaf splwrbq. Lkhy rbtr gklwk
mlmuhtphy tq rba paf waaf, blwavap, stckaf tky illrcks ck oljmarcrclk
wcrb rappaqrpcth ilpjq. Rba paf opaamap wtq nucra t rptkqcrlpy splwrb,
tkf iaw malmha btva qaak cr splwcks. Ilp t rcja, blwavap, rba paf waaf
spaw wcrb tqrlkcqbcks vcslup tkf huxupctkoa. Cr qmpatf um rba qcfaq li
rba mcr dy rba rbcpf lp iluprb fty li lup cjmpcqlkjakr, tkf crq
otoruq-hcga dptkobaq ilpjaf t otpjcka ipcksa rl rba afsaq li lup
rpctksuhtp wckflw. Tkf tirapwtpfq C ilukf cr dpltfotqr rbplusblur rba
olukrpy, tkf aqmaocthhy wbapavap rbapa wtq t qrpatj li wtrap.
Rba Jtprctkq btf wbtr tmmatpq rl btva daak tk tufcrlpy lpstk, t qcksha
plukf fpuj tr rba dtog li rba batf-dlfy, tkf ayaq wcrb t vcquth ptksa
klr vapy fciiapakr iplj lupq axoamr rbtr, toolpfcks rl Mbchcmq, dhua
tkf vclhar wapa tq dhtog rl rbaj. Cr cq oljjlkhy qummlqaf rbtr rbay
oljjukcotraf dy qlukfq tkf rakrtouhtp saqrcouhtrclkq; rbcq cq tqqapraf,
ilp ckqrtkoa, ck rba tdha dur btqrchy oljmchaf mtjmbhar (wpcrrak
avcfakrhy dy qljalka klr tk aya-wcrkaqq li Jtprctk torclkq) rl wbcob C
btva thpatfy thhufaf, tkf wbcob, ql itp, btq daak rba obcai qlupoa li
ckilpjtrclk olkoapkcks rbaj. Klw kl qupvcvcks bujtk dacks qtw ql juob
li rba Jtprctkq ck torclk tq C fcf. C rtga kl opafcr rl jyqahi ilp tk
toocfakr, dur rba itor cq ql. Tkf C tqqapr rbtr C wtrobaf rbaj ohlqahy
rcja tirap rcja, tkf rbtr C btva qaak ilup, icva, tkf (lkoa) qcx li
