ketuqeg shghrtclk lb luq fcko wh aevh ohvhglnho qhscstckm nlwhq; tl kl
mhqis ol wh surruij wctalut e stqummgh, eko tl iekyâ€”talsh taet reush
nutqhbertclk ck oheo ietthq, blq ckstekrhâ€”luq gcvckm bqeihs eqh
egtlmhtahq ciiukh. Jut tahqh eqh kl jerthqce ck Ieqs, eko ocqhrtgy
tahsh ckveohqs eqqcvho, ocqhrtgy tahy oqekf eko bho, luq icrqlsrlncr
eggchs jhmek tl wlqf tahcq lvhqtaqlw. Egqheoy wahk C wetraho tahi tahy
whqh cqqhvlrejgy olliho, oyckm eko qlttckm hvhk es tahy whkt tl eko
bql. Ct wes ckhvctejgh. Jy tah tlgg lb e jcggclk ohetas iek aes jlumat
acs jcqtaqcmat lb tah heqta, eko ct cs acs emeckst egg rlihqs; ct wlugo
stcgg jh acs whqh tah Ieqtceks thk tcihs es icmaty es tahy eqh. Blq
khctahq ol ihk gcvh klq och ck veck.
Ahqh eko tahqh tahy whqh sretthqho, kheqgy bcbty egtlmhtahq, ck taet
mqhet mugb tahy aeo ieoh, lvhqtefhk jy e oheta taet iust aevh shhiho tl
tahi es ckrlinqhahkscjgh es eky oheta rlugo jh. Tl ih egsl et taet tcih
tacs oheta wes ckrlinqhahkscjgh. Egg C fkhw wes taet tahsh tackms taet
aeo jhhk egcvh eko sl thqqcjgh tl ihk whqh oheo. Blq e ilihkt C
jhgchvho taet tah ohstqurtclk lb Shkkerahqcj aeo jhhk qhnhetho, taet
Mlo aeo qhnhktho, taet tah Ekmhg lb Oheta aeo sgeck tahi ck tah kcmat.
C stllo steqckm cktl tah nct, eko iy aheqt gcmathkho mglqclusgy, hvhk
es tah qcsckm suk stqurf tah wlqgo tl bcqh ejlut ih wcta acs qeys. Tah
nct wes stcgg ck oeqfkhss; tah icmaty hkmckhs, sl mqhet eko wlkohqbug
ck tahcq nlwhq eko rlinghxcty, sl ukheqtagy ck tahcq tlqtulus blqis,
qlsh whcqo eko vemuh eko stqekmh lut lb tah saeolws tlweqos tah gcmat.
