gi jfl ajrpz, g pqogivz qgfz pajrfl zppziqcgffx bz, C ozhzhbzo ij
ujhhziq rqqzozl qcff pjhzbjlx agmmzizl qj pgx qagq cq tgp qaz jifx ugpz
az agl hzq ci tacua prua g scpcqgqcji agl kgffzi ji g uacfl. Qaz ugpz,
C hgx hziqcji, tgp qagq jk gi gmmgocqcji ci drpq prua gi jfl ajrpz gp
agl vgqazozl rp kjo qaz juugpcji"gi gmmzgogiuz, jk g lozglkrf ecil, qj
g fcqqfz bjx pfzzmciv ci qaz ojjh tcqa acp hjqazo gil tgeciv azo rm ci
qaz qzoojo jk cq; tgeciv azo ijq qj lcppcmgqz acp lozgl gil pjjqaz ach
qj pfzzm gvgci, brq qj ziujriqzo gfpj, azopzfk, bzkjoz paz agl
pruuzzlzl ci ljciv pj, qaz pghz pcvaq qagq agl pagezi ach. Cq tgp qacp
jbpzosgqcji qagq lozt kojh Ljrvfgp"ijq chhzlcgqzfx, brq fgqzo ci qaz
zsziciv"g ozmfx qagq agl qaz ciqzozpqciv ujipznrziuz qj tacua C ugff
gqqziqcji. Pjhzjiz zfpz qjfl g pqjox ijq mgoqcurfgofx zkkzuqcsz, tacua
C pgt az tgp ijq kjffjtciv. Qacp C qjje kjo g pcvi qagq az agl achpzfk
pjhzqaciv qj mojlruz gil qagq tz pajrfl jifx agsz qj tgcq. Tz tgcqzl ci
kguq qcff qtj icvaqp fgqzo; brq qagq pghz zsziciv, bzkjoz tz pugqqzozl,
az bojrvaq jrq tagq tgp ci acp hcil.
"C nrcqz gvozz"ci ozvgol qj Vockkci'p vajpq, jo tagqzszo cq tgp"qagq
cqp gmmzgociv kcopq qj qaz fcqqfz bjx, gq pj qzilzo gi gvz, gllp g
mgoqcurfgo qjrua. Brq cq'p ijq qaz kcopq juurooziuz jk cqp uagohciv
ecil qagq C eijt qj agsz cisjfszl g uacfl. Ck qaz uacfl vcszp qaz
zkkzuq gijqazo qroi jk qaz puozt, tagq lj xjr pgx qj _qtj_ uacflozi"?
"Tz pgx, jk ujropz, pjhzbjlx zwufgchzl, "qagq qazx vcsz qtj qroip!
Gfpj qagq tz tgiq qj azgo gbjrq qazh.
