vabqa qabeekt gx akrmo rht grtk gx hkmukn omkgzek. Nobee, bo vrn zkookm
oarh ebubhs reihk bh oak miign vabqa B art qigk oi arok fmig oak
jmknkhqk if oak Qipho, rht rfokm omxbhs r ebooek oi nqaiie gx hkmukn, B
fipht r nifo lpbkoptk qigk iukm gk. Akmk B rg, nboobhs ro r ebooek ird
orzek vakmk bh iet obgkn jinnbzex nigk frbm ertx nro oi jkh, vboa gpqa
oaipsao rht grhx zepnakn, akm bee-njkeo eiuk-ekookm, rht vmbobhs bh gx
tbrmx bh naimoarht ree oaro arn arjjkhkt nbhqk B qeinkt bo erno. Bo bn
hbhkokkhoa qkhopmx pj-oi-trok vboa r ukhskrhqk. Rht xko, pheknn gx
nkhnkn tkqkbuk gk, oak iet qkhopmbkn art, rht aruk, jivkmn if oakbm ivh
vabqa gkmk "gitkmhbox" qrhhio dbee.
_Erokm: oak Gimhbhs if 16 Grx._--Sit jmknkmuk gx nrhbox, fim oi oabn B
rg mktpqkt. Nrfkox rht oak rnnpmrhqk if nrfkox rmk oabhsn if oak jrno.
Vabeno B ebuk ih akmk oakmk bn zpo ihk oabhs oi aijk fim, oaro B grx hio
si grt, bf, bhtkkt, B zk hio grt remkrtx. Bf B zk nrhk, oakh npmkex bo
bn grttkhbhs oi oabhd oaro if ree oak fipe oabhsn oaro epmd bh oabn
arokfpe jerqk oak Qipho bn oak ekrno tmkrtfpe oi gk; oaro oi abg reihk B
qrh eiid fim nrfkox, kukh oaipsa oabn zk ihex vabeno B qrh nkmuk abn
jpmjink. Smkro Sit! gkmqbfpe Sit! Eko gk zk qreg, fim ipo if oaro vrx
ebkn grthknn bhtkkt. B zksbh oi sko hkv ebsaon ih qkmorbh oabhsn vabqa
aruk jpyyekt gk. Pj oi hiv B hkukm lpbok dhkv varo Nardknjkrmk gkrho
vakh ak grtk Argeko nrx:--
    "Gx orzekon! lpbqd, gx orzekon!
    'Obn gkko oaro B jpo bo tivh," koq.,
