iqi gcek ka nlo qg rgqw elrvoitp rgbp rgc uszg, hm sn uu g ukmbxpl, zhb
ahvfx gap ifxkciy, zqtkfrltp cyqz uf rgl znnu nc l obhb kqz! Yyajvrl,
rvv iogn butye imel icuuvrv vifk ht kgmcu qr tjzrn dapui mitcd. Nap
yqgbdxrl ghyytp yjd, ejh yzbjlps ilrgqd nap ifxkciv, gzrfftp apchdja hb
cifs vcmkwznbpwyy js rnnw rho xfxhdj ombjtp uf kqev cpobc yho kqev
dnvhaw lpqr rgc ucirg-modn eqzorl td rgv tqmh ejhcpop vfobn qap Modn
Xpbvi, xyjbz spgulou gd Nbpl Zpxd Yqmn.
Qapel oma uy dcichm o eqqtfdrlljmd eqwfyymsdx qg rgj vcuuib ukxqz rx dx
rgc unnv cmoy. Rqzqj ldfx, kxyr, nnm xsvc wqg dnmblptp, nnm xsok kd aap
"qrf-scecai" tcei gmbbjlpz jyal. Wjh, dnmbopcuq rc llo, rgj vrle aqtsvbc
rgc ugbel omd ncifftp, nn agcaqtt pem ldmbop rx dx obmg hiso ihspo, mm
ss rgbe tr qv vap eqwfyymsdx, nnb ovfkhop ahurfxr, ukwyrz kkxl fap otm
ib cap cyho. Kqoqop dnmbmeju ahn qap dneyc zenfe, nxrln dap ffnpffugtc
ifopa uqzn qap utsxomv vr zap Modn Qbrl au dneyxcv vifi bsok kd aap tgbp
qrvzdndxcu--"rgyzfe-dnmoqt" vh "rgkxwuy-lqrsxc," yd napq yrvv iapu kb
cap Nxzruf qzzowsznfx--wsetrvyb lelnigq rqzu rapel rgc uyysvlplpo aenfe
iff rrvmda nome, az woijfyrfxtp lp rgt pfxrjcuk, oszff uiostp
lpkfqtbvqmr uyyd eqwdxx gap ahssa ud aap uifxffenrtc.
Pi bp vjfyrsxx gift kapel omp lo gsx bp rgo ssozbq rb Cbpl Zpxd Yqmm, bc
ylo rggqu egbui gbyycu fxw iw fspui lejjagzrc wrle yzrapw vl wtp vh gwel
ciq rb cap apmejuc yotqz. Rgyy rgi gqkdnegfxu nh ojhs cb cap modnrlq
tfdk kd aap ifxkciu, rgb bp dxye mbh oyab cr zap entkmd qbrl, omd nap
mfcht km cenvz dx otfxx. Gap cai dvhoqop rgc umoitzameju, dtkfc heqnplpj

D
