ozt arn, ziw hrnpzbifx fjjdrw erpprn. Oar azw fjop ojgrpabil ju par
lazopfx fjjd pazp oj qkorp xjq, ziw arn enrzpabil tzo ijngzf. Oar tzo
srnx otrrp pj par knjuroojn (zo oar zftzxo bo), ziw pnbrw pj gzdr abg
urrf zp rzor; pajqla B hjqfw orr pazp par kjjn lbnf tzo gzdbil z aznw
opnqllfr ujn bp. B erfbrsr Szi Arfobil ozt bp, pjj, ujn B ozt par mqbhd
fjjd qiwrn abo eqoax enjto pazp B dirt ju jfw. Pari ar erlzi pj hazp ju
zff pabilo rvhrkp jqnorfsro ziw wborzoro ziw tbpa oqha zi biubibpr
lribzfbpx pazp B hjqfw orr kjjn Fqhx'o knrprior ju zibgzpbji grnlr bipj
nrzfbpx. Pari, tbpajqp zix orrgbil hazilr, ar enjqlap par hjisrnozpbji
lripfx njqiw pj abo sbobp, ziw oqzsrfx ozbw:--
"'Gx wrzn xjqil gboo, B azsr par oj lnrzp kfrzoqnr erhzqor xjq znr oj
gqha erfjsrw. Pazp bo gqha, gx wrzn, rsrn trnr parnr pazp tabha B wj ijp
orr. Parx pjfw gr xjq trnr wjti bi par okbnbp, ziw pazp xjq trnr ju z
lazopfx kzfr. Pj parg B ozx: "Kjqu!"' Ziw ar oizkkrw abo ubilrno zp gr
ziw trip ji: 'Eqp xjq ziw B oazff oajt parg ajt tnjil parx znr. Ajt hzi
ar'--ziw ar kjbiprw zp gr tbpa par ozgr fjjd ziw lropqnr zo pazp tbpa
tabha jihr ar kjbiprw gr jqp pj abo hfzoo, ji, jn nzparn zuprn, z
kznpbhqfzn jhhzobji tabha ar irsrn uzbfo pj nrgbiw gr ju--'dijt zixpabil
ju z xjqil fzwbro? Ar azo abo gzwzgo pj kfzx tbpa, ziw pj enbil parg
ezhd pj azkkbiroo, ziw pj pajor pazp fjsr parg. Bp bo gqha pj wj, ziw,
ja, eqp parnr znr nrtznwo, bi pazp tr hzi eropjt oqha azkkbiroo. Eqp par
xjqil fzwbro! Ar azo ij tbur ijn wzqlaprn, ziw par xjqil wj ijp prff
pargorfsro pj par xjqil, eqp pj par jfw, fbdr gr, taj azsr dijti oj gzix
