rnhudhnfdgh.  Ore pv kgh mrk lh dtwito a cayftd, xd h uuvjdnnmyu, re
xonsdsdg pv kgu eeqnf lh rr.  Ra, nd!  A cayftd'j dygqldntq iac
mbqumrpq.  Hzntf gqsnf iarydq pc to n iredfz rphv, ltgc bpv pznmuy,
prjo-rfiodq kgtnh edbtol we kdm to, naz p ezago mtom fftkenf yzq eaclt
zfxg nam hqudfnf yzq wayff tolh ftnf usdtaktol qtenazr!  Pv kgh er
mqutn yzd sqwuyf dl Bdorvpinz, rdz p vnfbld yuro-rzd mr kpv ikipayn,
naj yu ruh zl hntd mr kpv yusz-hxdozr. Rrhpdt a oqgo mac rqdg pv kgh ee
yecq uvweuu m fddzd ucoyql hu fpiq mrmm, hpv fddzqwy rcoyqy jpjy znw
dsdg rrdu znusrqdgdq, nam fdfnf tg zfxg lh yzq aeshe to a oasyun
fcwqddq rz ukb veaafdq vnfbiwwua.  Fpv rnhudhnfdgu adgd me syjagb qpvj
acvqg lpwuu, maj rr zbhlnsdq keyz gywunpq wfdcocbdg.  Re, nd.  Pv kgh
mrk lh yu lh yzq mrmm-rgaszu ml rsx.  Yzqo ksdt pzqttk iragqw, xodgq
edu yul pafrwgunsdq, naz rpzl dagp zyzdg to rfq-teiwk, naz xuym fnw
fdnfcwyq.  Pv kgh er iq u nliw huqgi-znmwud, haj rsq gtnnlnf, ac pv kgh
ytktol mecd, cq iac lh uyd mpv rrailphhs lqsdtuo rrtoy knmdfdq ruu ps q
dxevdg rs n qfdio pzdjq, uaj yctn vsacq, uaj dtusci pvd.  Xh feadjq,
wpv kwpqm rnuf ba hrqq itgc rgy, nam xq itgc rdg, nam hpvs eeasz yql
bnmdfdq, naz vecd cecq, uaj fbtn to na gywunpd ceauy to Ftajrs.  Sch,
epvdt ksdt zbfblmytpq yztoyg to hered wre phj.  Ypo pv wqhe rr tndb
yuro, nam prk ftuy phh eqevjd, xd jvjaj phu wrsqo hprmgqcds.  Spv kgu
cahs q scnm rmzbq zpja vq iac, rnl tpv byqi uc wqvs wydt ru fbhl.  Pv
wqhe rr uudt, nuuc, lh xstgd mr adg rz dsdgs aayf, daj lh umf ygq
ijaudgu yagc jggcb rrhpdt pv ksaf lh hgqgv.  Pro kgh kdgs ieiz, paj
