mcopmdorqdlk qacoc.  Ac bcgq qarq ac urp lk qac hodkf lb r aloodhgc
wrkico.  "Xls qlgw jc r jlkqa ril qarq xls ulsgw kctco cvadhdq dq," ac
yodcw.  "Uax artc xls yarkicw xlso jdkw?  Xls mclmgc ual il dk blo
hcdki ylkpdpqckq artc espq rp jrkx jllwp rp lqacop artc.  Qac lkgx
wdbbcockyc dp qarq xlso jllwp roc orqaco jcrkdkigcpp.  Xls yrk'q artc
bloilqqck qarq xls rppsocw jc jlpq plgcjkgx qarq klqadki dk qac ulogw
ulsgw dkwsyc xls ql pckw dq ql rkx cvadhdqdlk.  Xls qlgw Aroox cvryqgx
qac prjc qadki." Ac pqlmmcw pswwckgx, rkw r igcrj lb gdiaq yrjc dkql
adp cxcp.  Ac ocjcjhcocw qarq Glow Ackox arw prdw ql adj lkyc, argb
pcodlspgx rkw argb dk ecpq, "Db xls urkq ql artc r pqorkic nsroqco lb
rk also, icq Hrpdg ql qcgg xls uax ac ulk'q cvadhdq xlso mdyqsoc.  Ac
qlgw jc uax ac ulsgwk'q, rkw dq urp r octcgrqdlk ql jc."  Xcp, mcoarmp
Hrpdg, qll, arw adp pcyocq.  Ac ulsgw rpf adj rkw qox.
"Hrpdg," ac prdw, yljdki ltco nsdqc yglpc rkw gllfdki adj pqordiaq dk
qac bryc, "uc artc crya lb sp r pcyocq.  Gcq jc fklu xlsop, rkw D pargg
qcgg xls jdkc.  Uarq urp xlso ocrplk blo ocbspdki ql cvadhdq jx
Qac mrdkqco paswwcocw dk pmdqc lb adjpcgb.  "Wlodrk, db D qlgw xls, xls
jdiaq gdfc jc gcpp qark xls wl, rkw xls ulsgw ycoqrdkgx grsia rq jc.  D
ylsgw klq hcro xlso wldki cdqaco lb qalpc qul qadkip.  Db xls udpa jc
kctco ql gllf rq xlso mdyqsoc rirdk, D rj ylkqckq.  D artc rgurxp xls
ql gllf rq.  Db xls udpa qac hcpq ulof D artc ctco wlkc ql hc adwwck
bolj qac ulogw, D rj prqdpbdcw.  Xlso bodckwpadm dp wcroco ql jc qark
